I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst-case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data...
Hey, folks, here's a story about Minnie the Moocher.
She was a low-down huge-a-coocher.
She was the roughest, toughest frail, but Minnie had a heart as big as a whale.
She messed around with a bloke named Smokey.
She loved him though he was kokey.
He took her down to Chinatown and he showed her how to kick the gong around.
She had a dream about the King of Sweden.
He gave her things that she was needin'.
He gave her a home built of gold and steel, a diamond car with the
He gave her his townhouse and his racing horses Each meal she ate was a dozen courses Had a million dollars worth of nickels and dimes She sat around and counted them all a million times
Ho dee ho dee ho dee ho He dee he dee he dee he He dee he dee he dee he He dee he dee he dee he He dee he dee he dee he He dee he dee he dee he He dee he dee he dee he He dee he dee he dee he He dee he dee he dee he He dee he dee he dee he He dee he dee he dee he He dee he dee he dee he He dee he dee he dee he He dee he dee he dee he He dee he dee he dee he He dee he dee he dee he He dee he dee he dee he He dee he dee he dee he He dee he dee he dee he He dee he dee he dee he He dee he dee he dee he He dee he dee he dee he He dee he
We heard your handles were pretty tight.
It takes a lot of practice.
Practice at breakfast.
Left hand works the drill.
Right hand gets the serve.
Do you practice in the theater?
I know that guy did not win the NBA championship.
It's a funny commercial from the late, early 2000s, rather.
So, it's just a little flashback.
It's just my love of basketball.
Don't have to correct me.
I know he didn't pull it off.
But, anyway.
Mini the Moocher, indeed.
Heidi, Heidi, Heidi, ho!
From the Blues Brothers soundtrack, ladies and gentlemen.
Good to see you all.
Snow in summer 950 might be catching on to something that's not really quite congruent with other things on the game board and we're gonna peel just a little bit of that onion back today but not very much because I don't want to cry.
Oh, yes, Steve Kirsch called me as if he didn't know me and never talked to me before.
And in fact, the first time we ever met in person, he behaved the exact same way when I was still... I think the truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
This is how they behave.
This is liars.
But you can tell if someone's lying.
You know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
Jonathan, who's going to talk about his latest distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and to the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us, this incredible preeminent panel that we have, each one of you is going to get a chance to comment
It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone.
It's measles plus.
Okay, I can tolerate what you think about measles because not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end.
When we have this new pandemic that is, you know, got 75% mortality, it's not, it's, there'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these three.
It'll be a moral emergency because it has to be.
you
I would be very careful to attribute what is not smart but actually just a lot of money thrown at a problem.
If I watch Soph's videos, what I see is an incredible amount of content brought together in an incredibly efficient way and then edited in a very efficient way.
These are sometimes conversations happening between her
and somebody else off screen and then these are edited to near perfection sometimes as long as an hour long.
I think you're grossly underestimate the amount of material that's out there that you can still download and archive and it is not a this is a person who did this when she was a minor.
supposedly going to high school.
And these are just things that even if I had all the material in front of me, it would still take me many, many days to put together a video like this.
So I don't think you should see it as something that can just be the result of rich kids and a lot of books in a room.
Look for more videos then.
because there are hours, hundreds of hours, I've wasted an entire hard drive on that little girl, and it's because it is disturbing what it represents as parents.
Because as far as I can tell, I feel as though there might be essentially child abuse captured on those videos.
You're looking at a minor in a lot of those videos, and allowing a minor child to behave, or worse yet, be used that way,
on the internet just because they got a million followers.
I just don't know that what I see there is sound.
What I see there is something much more sinister in my mind and it has nothing to do with her.
I have very much pity for what I see in those videos and that young lady that I see in those videos.
And I have a feeling that the more people look into that, the more they will feel the same way.
It's just a question of how does that happen if that's your kid and you're rich, as you said in the chat.
How do rich parents, why would a rich parent allow their child to behave that way online and to say those things online?
especially allowed her child to be exploited by Alex Jones at least twice in 2019, if not three times he was allowed to raise money using her as a guest on his show, which I guess means that they think that Alex Jones is a legitimate patriot.
I do not think that Alex Jones at this stage, in the illusion, can be a legitimate patriot.
He may have been at one time, back when he was a young guy and broke into the Bohemian Grove.
I think it's very possible that he was a good guy.
But now, since your consciousness has become prime real estate,
Anybody that is able to stake a meaningful claim to any part of your consciousness through social media is almost assuredly someone that they have chosen and permitted to do so.
There are no random rising stars in social media anymore, ladies and gentlemen.
That's part of the illusion of social media, that there's an algorithm that they have no control over.
That there's an algorithm that could be gamed if you're viral enough.
This is absolutely, positively a lie.
And that's why all of these ideas are not being talked about.
It's not because they're not good ideas.
It's because the ideas that rise on social media rise with the people who rise on social media.
And it's not an algorithm or an AI they can't understand.
It's a really basic program.
and you are not programmed to rise within it.
That's it.
Done.
And the reason why they do it is so that it's very easy to attribute bad motives to the people that disagree with others online, and they have created an illusion that this is the going rate, the going currency of intellectual discussion.
And that's how they're going to control, demolish America.
We are the dumbed-down people.
That's what you have to realize.
I am part of the dumbed-down adults that could not see this at the beginning the way that we should have seen it.
We're seeing it already before they open the cage.
But I see it now, and I'm trying as best I can to show as many people as I can over the next couple months.
As we move forward, trying to learn our history as fast as we can before they erase it, it's lost forever so that we can reclaim the power that these charlatans have over our children.
That's what we're trying to do here.
Not just these charlatans though, ladies and gentlemen, there are other charlatans at play.
And in fact, these other charlatans are much more dangerous because they are wolves in sheep's clothing.
They're not really wolves, they're just traitors.
And they are pulling an amazingly traitorous trick on us now.
And in order to make gentle the life of this world as we transition out of their immunomythology and away from their illusions, we're gonna have to show our kids exactly how this wave of lies, this wave of consensus, this illusion of consensus is created, and then give them a surfboard of truth with which to navigate it.
These fake waves go the wrong way anyway, so it's time to, it's time really, it's really time.
This introduction is going a little long, I guess because I'm babbling too much.
But welcome to GigaOM Biological.
You are here, if you've been here for a while, at the top of the wave of consensus, where we stay focused on biology, we don't take the bait on social media, and we love our neighbors.
We're trying to rescue skilled social media users, but also you've got to come to realize... Just hold on one second.
You gotta come to realize, aha, see, I knew something was happening there, and that's why you couldn't see me before.
I'm just gonna focus on the head of the chair first, and then after I do that, I will be able to speak to you.
That looks pretty good.
So please don't underestimate how many of these skilled social media users are actually fake accounts being run by other people.
Sometimes being run by other people with the intention of creating an illusion of consensus around what they just posted.
Imagine if some people actually have a room full of hired people that run anonymous accounts that create an illusion of consensus or even create the debate that they want to have happen after they tweet their snarky tweet or they hashtag their snarky hashtag.
Because that's most likely how to explain a lot of the accounts that we see
on Twitter, and most likely the way to explain the reason why Addy Ads and Kevin McKernan and Kevin McCairn all decided in April of 2020 that the place to hash this biology out was on Twitter.
And that's, in fact, why drastic the group was there.
And it was probably the reason why I ended up spending so much time on Twitter, because it seemed to be that place where you could have these, you know, direct message discussions with people all around the world that were trying to solve this and remain anonymous.
Which seemed attractive at first and now just seems like a really easy way for people to lie about who they are So again, welcome to the show America really needs to stay focused on the biology and start loving their neighbor because the trick is really gonna be played on us
lights on or anything like that behind me.
I just got back from the gym a little while ago.
I apologize.
We're trying to play a lot of basketball in the next two weeks before my kids go to see their grandma.
Please share the work and thank you very much for everybody that is supporting.
We lost a lot of subscribers over the last week.
But that's the way this is gonna work truth-telling is not for everybody and not everybody that has been supporting Not everybody that's supporting this stream is good.
I know that I'm aware of that and so, you know eventually some of these people are gonna pull their support and that's alright because That's what we expected to happen
Gotta pull your hands down from your face, ladies and gentlemen.
We gotta pull our phones away from our face.
We gotta get off this social media, especially Twitter.
I think Twitter is right now the worst one.
And I think that's the one I'm gonna most try to get off of over the next month or two as we transition to using it for our own purposes only.
But no discussions will happen on Twitter very much longer.
That's for sure.
It's one way for us to really take our power back is to deny them that.
Yeah, I'm just letting you know that I'm not fooling around.
I am an old school conspiracy theorist.
Back when a company by the name of Fear and Clothing was out there, and I have a couple, three shirts from that era.
These are about 25 or
Don't know how many years old they are 23 years old I have a whole set of them like the building 7-1 and I also have that looks like the the 7-eleven logo and then this one So I know What Alex Jones was doing all the way back then I saw that video I was there when that happened or at least not there, but you know, it's a
I know the role that Alex Jones has played over the last 20 years of American history, and that's an important thing to understand in the context of the history.
You have to have lived it.
Otherwise, some young teenager finding out about Alex Jones doesn't understand.
Somebody just finding out about David Icke doesn't understand what they did with them.
doesn't understand how those people were used to seed these ideas in an incredulous way, so that some people would be tempted enough to think about them, and other people would be very free to ignore them, as if it was a velvet curtain that hid nothing, or as if it was something that they weren't supposed to know anyway, and either way,
Those ideas have been out there for really 20 years.
And that's the foundation of this, which everybody needs to start to understand that seeding these ideas in academic meetings, seeding these ideas in bureaucratic meetings where lanyards are required and seeding these ideas in the backwoods of the internet and crazy books about breaking into secret meetings or worse about reptile aliens.
And in so doing, they have established these people who have just free reign to say whatever they want now, and most of those people are telling us that America's bad, America's gotta go, or American empire's already going.
Wake up, wake up.
And nobody's really talking about the fact that America is being destroyed by traitors.
And nobody's talking about the fact that the pandemic was started by murder and then lying about it and calling it an impending biosecurity crisis, when in reality, it was just murder and lies.
And then those murder and lies were compounded by the opioid epidemic and by all the other ways that they've turned the knobs up on all cause mortality and just kind of shrugged their shoulders and been like, well, I don't know.
We didn't know what to do.
It was a novel virus.
And almost anything falls under that rubric.
And yet somehow or another, none of these people are able to enunciate this.
I'm a human just like you.
Sometimes it frustrates me to the point where I can't even push the button.
I wanted to do a stream yesterday, but I was at wit's end as to how awful it is where we are with these people that are just absolutely spectacularly committed to lying.
And to think that we're in the middle of 2024 and I still have people lying to me.
I still have coordinated people lying to me in the backwoods of Twitter on direct message threads.
lying to me about how they want to help me, lying to me about how they want me to write a chapter in their book or write a substack with them so they can promote my ideas, lying to me about who they trust and why they trust them.
And some of them are Americans and that makes them traitors.
And so, yeah, I'm tired of saying intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Oh, I got my
Volume way too low here.
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic.
There's other ways to say it.
You can say that the old vaccine schedule was injuring and killing thousands every year.
You can also say that we don't need to fear free-range RNA molecules.
And you can also say that weaponized piles of money murdered people and convinced people to argue about it being a lab leak.
And they were on this convincing people about it being a lab leak or a bioweapon attack or something like that.
They were on it very early.
And they had people going around very early urging and nudging people to, hey, that was a good report, man, you should do that again.
And then they had English people
coordinatedly trying to antagonize those people so that there was a push and pull on everybody.
And inevitably, it's a push and pull that involves an American with some people from England or somewhere in the Five Eyes countries.
It's always that way.
I've got one of the earliest examples queued up right here.
An American with somebody from a Five Eyes country messing with another American.
that Fort Belvoir, an American, a sergeant from Fort Belvoir, that's the intelligence command, that's INS com, that's just over the river here in Virginia.
That's the first person, that's the first person that's infected with coronavirus in where?
Wuhan, China.
Huh, now how could that be?
How could an intelligence officer from Fort Belvoir
Sorry about that.
I want to fix this scroll here before it drives me bananas.
It's too low here.
I want to move it up.
Sorry, my bad.
Okay, that goes right there.
Thank you.
There we go.
Which is in the intelligence command, be the first person that's infected with the coronavirus.
Well, it's called the World Games.
The World Games is like an Olympics.
It's a huge thing.
Mark Kulak did an excellent special on this.
It's very much like
So George just mentioned someone called Mark Kulaks did a special on this.
And this is Mark Kulaks.
Now this video has been deleted by Mark Kulaks.
I'd like you to watch this.
This was probably around either the 10th or the 12th.
It has been deleted off of his website.
Okay, let's watch it.
Do I need to rewind it first?
Now, let's do a little bit of the case analysis here.
So what are the odds that the virus was spread at this event?
Well, it just so happens that the first case that was observed in Virginia was a military person, military personnel from Fort Belvoir.
It was someone who is a cyclist.
Someone who's really into sports.
Someone who recently participated in some international travel.
Matter of fact, holy cow, the very first person in Virginia, the very first person in Virginia who caught the coronavirus, the very first person was at the 2019 CISM Military World Games in Wuhan, China.
Here I am.
I'm going to be going to my friend Martha's house tomorrow and doing some drywall, which I love to do.
I love doing carpentry.
Got to pay some bills, right?
Got to get a little bit of money.
How is it that I can figure this out, but CNN, Fox News?
By the way, I mean, One Forever Seeking, thank you.
I don't mean to cut you off.
You really found that article for me.
So there is Mark Kulaks talking about Mbenassi saying thank you OneForeverSeeking you really found that out for me.
So who is OneForeverSeeking?
OneForeverSeeking is somebody who tweets and they were dot connecting is one of the independent amateur
amateur hour research tool.
Okay, so first, let's look at the pattern here.
The pattern is an American working another American in cooperation with somebody outside of the UK.
A lot like, let's say, Addy Ads and Paul Cottrell working me with Kevin McCarran.
It's a lot like George Webb and Addy Ads and other people working Mark Kulak.
And there are other examples of Americans cooperating with people from the UK or people from South Africa or people from Australia also more or less corralling me.
And I can make a pretty good list of these kinds of meddler groups.
I would suggest that somebody like Jessica Rose has been involved in a lot of these meddler groups, somebody with such impeccable NATO credentials as Jessica Rose, who doesn't really have a job.
I don't know if she's ever really had a job.
She's just been kind of post docking and surfboarding until the pandemic started all on NATO's dime.
And yet now she is the prominent expert on VAERS, even ignores somebody like Albert on the Eagles guy.
And so then the examples do not end anymore.
And this is again, in early 2020, funneling people toward Twitter.
A guy from England funneling people toward Twitter.
We know that England has the 77th Brigade.
We know they have buildings full of people screwing around on the internet.
So how in the world is it possible that all of these people like Robert Malone and Merrill Nass will tell you that, you know, fifth generation warfare is just something you're never going to figure out because they don't want you to figure it out.
If they wanted you to figure it out, they would tell you that, well, I don't only have one account.
I've got this whole, you know, support group of people that runs other accounts that makes me look like a pimp every time I'm on Twitter and makes me look really smart because they immediately retweet and they immediately reply with positive compliments while you're a hero and it only takes a few of those before there's no place left to scroll.
Let's listen to the rest of this video.
It's a good example of evidence all over the internet of things that were happening.
It's Joining Dots on Google.
So this person is Joining Dots.
They are investigating, as far as they're concerned, events during March the 7th, 2020, talking about the fact that there is a Wuhan Institute of Virology.
How did they not know about the CISM military war games in Wuhan?
with ministry people.
So the idea is to kind of motivate people to think that this is a good question or a bad question and to create controversy over answering this question.
It's seeding the impetus for the Scooby-Doo.
It's supposed to motivate Mark.
It's supposed to motivate anybody that might be interested in finding out
who these people are and what they've done, whether they're lying or not.
And there was a 60 Minutes episode featuring George Webb around this same time that Robert Malone has been shamelessly plugging.
Like, think about that.
Think about the fact that Robert Malone, who's been in more than one music video with Judy Mikovits, has never done a program with her, never said that she's good or bad, that Judy Mikovits knows a little or a lot about viruses, and Judy Mikovits has never said anything about whether Robert Malone is a good or bad guy.
What an interesting lack of crossover event there, right?
When they both are basically descended from the same virology grandfathers.
And yet nobody will talk about it except for Mark and I. Nobody will mention Judy Mikovits' previous role in trying to seed a narrative about latent viruses that could be activated by vaccines.
Very similar to what Hilary Koprowski was talking about and Lederberg have talked about and all these other people have talked about erroneously.
trying to find the right narrative about viruses that would really get us to believe wholeheartedly in the model of public health, and this is where we are.
Coercion through mythology, and a mythology created by a chorus of liars.
Well, a contracting coronavirus, and there's an example of a military person contracting coronavirus at March the 7th.
And another.
member of the military, and this one links to an article about the US Army, Fort Belvoir.
It's also interesting to note that one of the people that was involved in DRASTIC that supposedly found the PhD and the master's thesis that led to the discovery that there was this cave in Mohan, or Moyang province, is a very similar name called The Seeker.
And so you can see already here where basically you got all these accounts with very similar themes and very similar levels of insight into what's going on about a lab leak.
And some of them were in drastic.
Others of them were chasing around and following the direction or supporting the work of George Webb.
Other people were supporting the work of other people.
And before you know it, you have got an illusion of Scooby-Doo mystery solvers all over the internet.
And no matter where you go, you find people involved in solving the mystery.
I don't know who this guy is.
I don't think he did very many videos.
That's what's really interesting about it.
So underneath that, or above it, I can't remember which order these come, this is March 14th, this is later, this is talking about 2020, Military Games, Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
So talking about Military Games, member of the military, and connecting, look, someone connected these two together, and that person was Mark.
Yeah, and connecting those two together, but the dates are always wrong.
So it's funny, right?
This is probably a meddler here, a meddler account on Twitter, seeding similar, or let's say seeding useful questions with the wrong answers, seeding useful questions with the wrong leads.
And making it so that you could be debunked very easily if you shared these tweets.
That's what's happening.
That's what's always happening.
And that's what I get frustrated with the most is that people don't seem to be able to see through that.
And now we really need to help people see through it.
And I really think that's what my plan is going forward.
It's trying to help people see how weaponized piles of money murdered people and convince people to argue about it.
They convinced people like me to argue about it, and that participating in that argument was being patriotic and brave.
And if you got out of that argument by suggesting that there was no virus, you were never going to evolve in that understanding.
You were just going to say, no viruses, period.
And that was also a trap, because of course we know they can make
recombinant DNA and RNA in quantity, in relatively high purity, and they can put it in places that they want to, and they have lots of ways to deliver it, including virus-like particles that are patented by Sina Bavari and David Hone.
They look a lot like Ebola.
And so the no virus position, if it is not properly curated and isn't properly wielded as a weapon to destroy the public health state, it is used as a weapon to prevent people from understanding it.
And it should have been a tool that got everybody, it should have been a ladder that got everybody out of the cave, and instead it was a tool to make sure that they never got out, that they always were stuck in it.
And so over the next few weeks, I really hope that I'm gonna be successful in convincing a lot more people that what we have here is a coordinated group of liars, a Lollapalooza of liars, and they work with people outside of the United States, and they work with people outside of the United States that are manipulating social media accounts to create an illusion of consensus that we don't need to talk about 2020, because nothing was really happening then but a bunch of mistakes.
and we need to talk about things that happened after that.
You know, like in 2021 or 2022, when we finally decided that we had principles, and we have to ignore everybody that had principles in 2020, and more importantly, ignore what they were saying.
It's actually okay to talk about Wolfgang Wodach or Mike Eden, as long as you talk about what they most recently said and not what they were saying in 2020.
That's also part of the trick that's being pulled now.
And there are still liars that we have not exposed yet.
And probably most, but not all of them are foreigners.
Because they all essentially won't enunciate these truths in the most efficient form.
And they definitely won't tell you that we don't need to fear free-range RNA molecules.
They will say that there was no pandemic, but they won't definitively say the things that need to be said so that academic biologists and armchair biologists alike are challenged to think about that statement.
And so yesterday, or the day before, or Friday, we looked at Steve Kirsch and the Andy Kaufman crossover.
Andy Kaufman, I'm sure, is one of the deeper traders in this.
And he is probably one of the guys that's responsible for
the curation of the no virus position.
And I have good reason to believe that because one of the people that was lying to me in 2021 also claimed to have phone access to Andy Kaufman and claimed to have talked to him more than once on my behalf about possibly coming on my broadcast.
So I'm pretty sure that that person was lying to me, which means that that also means that this person is a liar and is connected to this, you know,
this real central core group of people that I don't know who they work for.
Do they work for the State Department or the FBI or CIA or or HHS or who they work for?
But they are all coordinatedly lying and there's there's something about them that leads me to believe that they're definitely not DOD because a lot of times they do things that my my friends tell me is really are really stupid.
So they may not have
as much information as we think.
It may be limited to the stuff that they can glean off of social media and off of Twitter.
And that would mean, for example, that they don't have access to our NSA files.
They can't read my text messages, even if the NSA is reading them.
These characters are not being run by people who can do that.
So maybe it's Palantir, maybe it's just Elon Musk and Peter Thiel trying to demonstrate the power that they have or don't have to create these illusions.
I'm sure that, for example, they're behind the sneaker things that are happening over the last year or two.
and the fancy watch things that are happening over the last year or two.
These trends of extreme gaudiness and extreme extravagance are being driven by the same stupid programming that's driving these people to their prominence in our society.
And we have to become aware of the fact that also these two were not able to, after four and a half years, come together and have a useful discussion about anything.
It was an hour and a half of bullshit.
They argued about a controlled experiment to prove whether or not a golf club hits a golf ball.
These are monsters and they are more importantly, traitors to America.
Traitors to American children, our children.
And the spread of these dangerous ideas has always been the problem.
It's never been an RNA molecule.
And so this show that just happened in the House of Representatives or in the Senate or wherever the hell it happened with Rand Paul was just absurd and also obnoxious.
Because the bottom line is, is that if we were to sit down at a table and talk about this stuff, the only people who would agree are people that are millionaires
People that are retired millionaires would agree on this stuff and everybody else would disagree with them.
And that's why retired millionaires are on stage.
That's why people that have a connection to the new money are on stage.
That's why people that are coerced are on stage and only talk about one thing and never talk about murder.
These people are on stage and they have one song to sing and it's about one subject and that's it.
None of these people are able to integrate across the story and it's very significant.
Because you will notice that every one of these people basically sticks to this and doesn't question this.
And if they do question it, it's only, you know, on its surface.
Because they really have an important message.
Like, VAERS, VAERS, VAERS, and that's it.
Or Massachusetts, Massachusetts, Massachusetts, that's it.
Or I invented the RNA, I invented the RNA.
Or I'm a systems, a complex systems guy, a complex systems guy.
I understand complex systems because I do evolution and that's it.
They can never integrate across the whole narrative.
They can never summarize across the whole narrative, and they will never question any of these things.
They won't question the fact that we've used vaccination to win in the past.
They're not gonna question the fact that novel coronaviruses exist and can jump.
They're never gonna question the fact that PCR false positives are evidence of something, and variants are evidence of evolution.
Brett knows, he's a complex systems guy.
The only debate is how many people were killed.
And by what?
Just not murder.
Accidents.
Rushing it.
Protocols that were meant to help but didn't.
And gain-of-function is definitely real because we have to fear RNA molecules.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with, essentially, a worst-case scenario.
A worst-case scenario of prions now, of course.
We're still in the car with these people.
We haven't made any progress, we've just changed seats.
We pulled over at a couple stops, we had restroom breaks, and we got to sit on the left side or the right side of the car, but the same bullshitter is driving, and the same bullshitter's in the passenger seat navigating us to nowhere.
That's where we are.
They have changed the way that we think, they've changed the way our kids think, they've changed the way the adults around us think, and if we don't get out of this frickin' car soon, we will be enslaved.
My best example for you is Kevin McCairn, who I met at the very beginning of the pandemic over five or six weeks of continuous weekend streaming, where he, on the alternative days, was streaming with any ads alone or himself alone, already knew that this was a worst-case scenario coming.
And the most important thing to see that has happened very recently is that this liar, Kevin McKernan, intimately connected to the Human Genome Project was out in front of the narrative already at the beginning of the pandemic and knew exactly what to say and how to get us into the groove of solving the mystery of the novel virus and where it came from and how to define it.
An expert in the PCR space, he spent many hours on podcasts already at the beginning of the pandemic.
And not because he didn't have a company or didn't have enough money, because he was already rich and already had a house on the Atlantic Ocean and already had $10,000 cats.
So he had no reason to get into PCR, except he thought that, you know, eventually the CDC would want to test all the weed.
And since he's in weed, he decided to start testing with PCR.
for coronavirus on marijuana.
And so why is this important?
Well, number one, because he was also on in December in 2020 and still hadn't figured it out, still was dead on balls narrative for the Scooby-Doo mystery solving.
And then he was involved with calling Mary Holland and making it hard for me to earn a living there, actually facilitating Mary Holland being able to create the illusion that there was some pretense for letting me go as a bad employee at CHD and he was part of it.
Also other meddlers that worked with Kevin McCairn on the Vajon Health platform in the UK, the guy with the silly bow tie that always has Gerrit van den Bosch on.
One little tiny network of clowns.
And these two guys got promoted in the same LifeSite News article.
The same LifeSite News that introduced us to Robert Malone and a lot of these other meddlers early on in the pandemic.
They got featured in the same article where Kevin McCairn is presenting to the Health Alliance Australia.
And on the next page you got Kevin McKernan in front of the U.S.
Senate.
And it's the perfect chorus of liars populated into the internet at the very beginning of the pandemic.
Neither one of them had any business talking about it.
They were both semi-retired for shit sake.
And the striking thing about it is, is that this monkey right here has spent no less than four and a half years chasing me around like a little lap dog.
You can find actually hours and hours of him dedicating all of his time to ridiculing me in some very ineffective and racist way while he vapes himself into oblivion.
This is where we're at.
They had no other choice but to cross over Kevin McKernan with Kevin McCairn already in 2024.
That's how bad it is because they've all lied to me.
They thought they were gonna get me with Bobby's book and it didn't work.
They thought that they were gonna get me with this bullshit.
That I wouldn't be upset if I didn't get my whole hour, that I only got seven minutes because now this preeminent panel of experts will respond to my latest distillation.
It's not very fun for me to admit that I was taken by these people.
It's not very fun to admit to me that if they give you enough salary and they tell you enough times that you're freaking awesome, that it's pretty hard to see through the coordinated group of liars.
But it looks like Tess can see through it.
But we got NATO epigirl over here, we got
NATO Ebola and anthrax lady over here and we got Ditra Ebola Zika Everybody loves Rick bright up there at the top Plus some guy in the middle there who's got like a really good story about patriotism and also like seven different vices That could be used to control and manipulate him as a player in this charade
And I still believed it.
I believed it right until this woman yelled at me in person and got up from the table and left.
I believed it right before this guy said that he didn't know me.
I took longer to figure her out.
I took longer to figure him out because he actually never lied to me, just sometimes didn't say anything.
And so they've done the same thing to Byron Bridle.
That's the whole reason why Byron Bridle has been always where he is.
And this guy's part of it too.
He was raised up by the PBS news hour already in 2008 to be put on the internet in place to, you know, speak out and tell us that fiat currencies were going the way of the wind or something.
Just a retired pharma exec.
Not much different than that retired pharma exec.
Not much different than that guy who couldn't think his way out of a wet paper bag, but supposedly is a serial entrepreneur.
And you know, they have the other half of this.
Half of these people in this thing are not clever enough to know that Vincent Rancid Yellow is wholly lying for the same group of people that Mikovits is lying for, and that Malone is lying for.
He descends from the same coffee table of monkeys.
It's all Gallo, and it's all Kaprowski, and it's all Plotkin, and it's all Gardner, and it's all Hone, and Sina Bavari.
It's all these people that nobody ever talks about.
that all the mice really, how come you guys never talk about Daisak and Fauci?
Because Daisak and Fauci are stupid.
Daisak and Fauci are the fricking Scooby-Doo unmaskings that everybody's supposed to feel proud they figured it out.
So we never get to Sina Bavar, we never get to David Hohn and all the other list of foreigners.
Like the guy at the Rocky Mountain Laboratories and his wife that Mark has reported about.
Like Hilary Koprowski that Mark's reported about.
Like that lady in the jungle and her husband that got, they got murdered because they probably figured out that Ebola wasn't what they said it was.
He just did a show about it today.
Like come on guys, at this stage you have to see.
We gotta get off this train, you gotta get out of this car because it doesn't matter what car you got in.
What I want is high morbidity.
I want people to complain.
So what do I do?
They had control of the entire internet, and not in the simple way that this guy explains it, where, oh yeah, I'm a terrorist organization, we take credit for it.
No, no, no, no, no.
Yes, I'm a whistleblower, and I'm helping you to decide what happened.
That's what they did.
They convinced us that there was a mystery to solve, that these people were coming to the rescue.
And as long as you don't talk about what they were doing in 2020, it sure will seem like they're coming to the rescue.
But if you talk about what they did in 2020 and what they say in 2020, you're going to find out that they didn't do a whole hell of a lot.
Because they want our kids to believe that they have to fear free-range RNA molecules.
These people right here.
That guy over there is awful.
You gotta start naming names, ladies and gentlemen.
These people are playing for keeps, and these are globalists.
They're playing for some other global interest that's not American, that's not for America, it's not patriotic, it's something gross, and it's something traitorous, and they need to be exposed, because this is how it's been done for decades, and social media has allowed them to do it very, very effectively the last four years.
It's not the censorship of the government.
It is the programming that has allowed these people right here to rise in a way that is not natural, to rise in prominence in a way that is not based on their truth-telling ability or their patriotism or their sacrifice.
None of these people have lost a job.
None of these people have sacrificed anything to get the truth out in a meaningful way, and none of these people had principles when we needed them to have principles.
And yet now, because of careful programming of social media, the appearance that these people are the ones that had principles, and the appearance that these people are the ones on white horses, is being weaponized against us.
And everyone, including these anonymous accounts, have been weaponized against us to convince us that if you're not gonna let these people be heroes, then you must definitely be working for somebody else.
Are any of these guys gonna mention Joe Marshall and his book called Last Call for Liberty?
You know that guy on Rumble that I mentioned the other day?
Are they ever gonna mention him?
Are they ever going to talk about him and him pointing out that all these people seem to be oriented around the UN and around globalist powers and talking about UNESCO and human rights instead of individual rights?
Because that's the difference.
Human rights is collectivism.
Individual rights is individualism.
Individualism is where the state protects the rights of the individual.
In a collectivist state, the state protects the rights of the state.
And I'm not an expert in this, but I can tell you for sure that the big picture is that these people are collectivists.
They want collectivist medicine.
They want collectivist data collection.
They want collectivist laws.
And that's all it is.
And it doesn't matter whether you call it fascism or communism or totalitarianism.
It's all about the state being more important, the group more important than the individual.
And that is a fundamental inversion of everything that was American.
And all of these people know that.
And that's why they are traitors.
And if they're foreigners, they're foreign meddlers, participating in a limited spectrum of debate that's about to enslave our children.
And if they're attributing bad motives to me and my allies, they are doing it in a disingenuous way because they don't want to talk about the biology that we've already established
is what needs to be talked about.
They want you to participate in this hamster wheel where Zuby is up in Canada meeting with Steve Kirsch and meeting with Jay Bhattacharya.
Did you see that?
I didn't even put that in the thing.
I had it.
I think I had it somewhere.
Let me see if I can find it really quick.
I had a picture of Bhattacharya and, and,
I mean, first of all, let's look at this picture, which I find very, very interesting.
Can I copy that?
Copy it, and then can I paste it here?
Paste it, paste, yeah.
So look at this picture right here.
This is Peter McCullough, and this is Pierre Cory, and they're down in Australia.
presumably testifying about what happened in America.
Why would they need Pierre Kory and Peter McCullough to go down to Australia and testify down there with a beer in their hand?
I wonder if there's a shoe picture from this.
So let's see, I'll get rid of that picture.
And then find another picture.
I think I also had a picture of the dude.
And hold on, I'll find it if I have it.
Or maybe I didn't save it in this folder.
I'm sorry.
I should have looked before I did it.
I don't see it.
Don't see it.
Hold on.
Oh, there it is.
I got it.
So this one's funny, first of all.
Oh, it's scary.
So let's copy this, and then let's put this here.
Right?
So there's that one.
That's Zuby and Elon Musk again.
So, you know, I'm not saying anything.
I'm just saying that Zuby and Dan Wilson have a series of videos that are staying up on YouTube as a legitimate debate between vaxxers and non-vaxxers or skeptics and non-skeptics or whatever the hell it is.
And so then the final picture, of course, is this one, the most recent one that makes me want to vomit because
Again, remember that Jay Bhattacharya has seen me in person no less than three or four times at Broken Science Initiative meetings.
And at all of those meetings, he's told me that he doesn't really, you know, he's not a biologist, so he can't evaluate
the biological claims that I'm making.
But interestingly, I found a podcast where he was on a few days ago, The Rubin Show, actually.
And he's got a lot to say that sounds a lot like biology and a lot like expertise that doesn't have anything to do with economics or epidemiology.
So, you know,
Call me weird, but it feels weird how these people are behaving.
Because again, it's a very closed group of people that is allowed to rise in social media and allowed to argue with each other.
And the limited spectrum of debate is actually composed of these liars.
And it doesn't matter what stage on this Lollapalooza of liars you go to, you're always just gonna see a liar.
And maybe some people that are harmonizing along with it because they don't know any better.
because that person or those persons asked them to help us stop this train, would you?
Can you grab along onto that next door there and just hold on?
And then can you chalk up and help us push the train to start again?
And the more people that participate, the harder it is to see through the illusion.
The more people that were participating when you came down into the station, the harder it would be to see through the illusion.
And the more noise they made, the more grunting they did, it would be harder to see through the illusion.
And that's all these people are doing.
That's why you have somebody like Claire Craig of The Heart Group in the UK saying something as absolutely absurd as you can believe there was a virus, you can believe that virus killed people, you can believe gain-of-function played a role, and in fact, it's all easier when a virus is spreading too.
This is the mythology.
It doesn't matter what is true if everybody perceives that the virus was there.
And she's got to know that by now because of course she's very good friends with Jonathan Engler, who claims to have learned so much from me over the last couple of years.
And the three times I presented at Panda and all the private conversations we've had and DMs we've shared on Twitter, he claims to really understand that I'm really dead on this thing.
and yet here's this liar in 2021 or 22 talking bullshit about PCR testing and driving everybody into the trap
Now testing itself can fail.
Every test involves a compromise.
You have to choose.
Do I want to find every possible case or do I only want to find the definite cases?
And at the beginning of an epidemic, when cases are growing.
Now you ought to understand, I've played this before.
I won't play it now, but it's on YouTube.
It never got struck from YouTube because it's part of the trap.
The heart group is part of the trap and their co-chairs are both liars.
I know that Claire Craig is a liar because she says stuff this dumb this long into the pandemic, and because that video makes her a liar.
I know that Jonathan Engler is a liar because he tried to get me to write with him for like three or four or five or six months, and other people agreed that, wow, he's a great guy.
He's awesome.
I've known him for so long.
I trust him with my life.
You should write something with him because he'll help you.
What did they do?
They wrote this absolutely absurd review that an intrepid high schooler could have written with fields virology, basically usefully questioned nothing, did not start with any evidence that they're aware that AIDS was also kind of a hoax.
not even close to aware that other shit happened with chronic fatigue syndrome and Judy Mikovits, completely unaware of Robert Malone's 20-year history and all these other people's histories with this illusion of virology, just, you know, well, according to virology, according to virology, Jonathan Engler and Professor Martin Neal say that there's not a really good explanation for this.
And the funny thing is, is that they really wanted me to share it with everybody.
They really wanted me to write it.
They really wanted me to contribute to it.
But then they wrote it themselves and put me in, like, page 16, and then so terribly represented the biology that I've tried to teach them, it was absolutely absurd.
And I've shown you these messages, and I'm probably going to put them on Substack so everybody can read them for themselves at their own pace.
to show you how absurd it is that these people have claimed they wanted to help me for six or nine months.
All the communication on Twitter, anytime we tried to take it to email like ProtonMail, it all went fizzled out because these characters like to work on Twitter because I'm assuming that means that other people
with added administrative privileges or super user privileges can see how we're being manipulated and contribute to it usefully.
Don't reply to Jonathan Cooey until you check our DMs first so you know what we've been telling him to expect.
It's that kind of operation that these liars are involved in.
And I'm sorry, but I'm not afraid to say it anymore.
I think all of these people are working against America and the Americans that are working with them are working with NATO or working with Five Eyes intelligence agencies or weaponized piles of money that are working with Five Eyes.
I don't know.
It's a crime.
These people are liars and they're definitely not patriots.
And the meddlers that spend all of their time, think about Sky News Australia.
that can spend a whole half an hour segment, not on the screwed up place that Australia is with the screwed up laws and the lack of rights and the lack of weapons and the lack of freedom, but they can spend a half an hour a night making fun of the political system of America.
That's not by chance.
That's part of the same operation that I think Jiki Leaks is a part of.
It is a coordinated five eyes and traitorous Americans lying festival that is being essentially amplified and honed and focused on America by these social media organizations, primarily Twitter.
That's what we're dealing with here.
It is a very dark place because we thought Twitter was something that we could use, but it was being used against us in the most malevolent way that we never thought possible.
That the anonymous accounts and these coordinated liar groups were all working together to create the illusion of a whirlwind of discussion.
And each one of us was probably isolated inside of every discussion we've ever been in.
And every time we thought we figured out another liar, there were two more liars behind them.
And so we were never actually peeling black the scenery meaningfully.
And that's why in 2024, these two posers wrote an article that basically says Virology 101 doesn't have an easy explanation.
That's the best they can do.
After countless hours of me trying to teach them what clones are and why it's significant, this is the best they could do.
They can't come to understand the conflated background signal and how that might've been used with disingenuous testing to represent something that wasn't there.
They just can't quite figure that out because they are liars.
because Claire Craig, Jonathan Engler, Martin Neal, and anybody associated with them is basically liars.
The Hart Group has been exposed as being co-chaired by two liars.
And now I would like to present you the Johnson staff meeting.
Now, the reason why the Johnson staff meeting is interesting is because the last time I heard from
Jessica Hockett, who is somebody who actually is responsible for me having a relationship with Jonathan Engler and Martin Neal.
The last time I heard from her was when she was going to release this video on Twitter.
And since then, she hasn't done a substack and she hasn't really done a tweet.
And I don't know what's going on.
Now there is a little clue that we have because Mark got some message that he decided to post on his sub stack and you can see what Jessica sent to Mark on his sub stack.
That's all I know.
Now for me, that's a little bit strange, but I wanna watch this staff meeting.
Now, the reason why I need to put it into a little bit of context first,
is that it's important for you to understand that Ron Johnson actually is in my phone.
And Ron Johnson actually contacted me on the same day that Bobby Kennedy contacted me in April of 2022.
And they both told me the same story that Robert Malone made them watch my podcast.
And in fact, made them watch my podcast where Charles Rixey had come to my house and done a podcast stream with me.
or maybe it was the second one we did.
But the point is, is that I was made to believe that a podcast that I did with Charles Rixey about the diffuse proposal was important enough that Robert Malone told Robert Kennedy Jr.
and Senator Ron Johnson to sit down and watch that.
And then that spurred both of them to call me and actually spurred Bobby to ask me to be a consultant for his book.
This is very significant part of the reason why I am where I am and doing what I'm doing right now.
So if you don't understand this one little fact and how significant it is, that that's what Bobby told me.
That's what Senator Ron Johnson told me in April of 22.
I can't change that.
I was on my, in my lawn with my wife.
Both phone calls happened within a half an hour.
I was absolutely floored.
I thought I was about to get a trip to D.C.
or something.
But of course, that's not what happened.
And in fact, I was in and out of contact with Senator Ron Johnson, but we never had a Zoom meeting or a phone call really, other than, you know, very briefly to say, wow, that's really great, let me know.
Now that makes this in context a little different, right?
Because I was already in contact with Senator Ron Johnson for two and a half years.
And then this person that I recently met on the Internet named Jessica Hockett was able to get the attention of his staff on Twitter.
and arranged a meeting where she and a colleague of hers and myself would be able to present.
And the way that I was told that it was going to be was we each take about 10 or 15 minutes and then there would be time at the end for them to ask questions.
And so let's see what happened in that meeting.
And I think this meeting is, I copied down the meeting that Jessica put up on Twitter, because putting these things up on Twitter, see, the other thing that's really funny is that my name is spelled wrong.
A lot of times they do that.
I don't know why that is, but yeah.
It's just very strange.
I don't know.
It's, you know, it can be hard to spell a five letter name.
Um, so let's go full screen.
I'm also, oh yeah, sorry.
I got to switch.
I also, I'm gonna leave it at normal speed because it's only an hour.
And so I think we can handle it.
And all the questions are fast forwarded out.
So it's gonna be a little difficult to always right away pick up on what question that she's asking.
So now remember, I was told that we were each gonna present for about 15 minutes or 10 minutes.
And so I guess I kind of knew that I was gonna go last.
But from the perspective of message, I have to say that in retrospect, I'm
I'm underwhelmed.
And so I wonder how you will feel about it.
I actually really liked the middle guy a lot.
He's actually, John Kadamy actually does a really nice presentation as well, and some data that I hadn't seen before.
But it's kind of redundant relative to what Jessica says.
But anyway, you'll see there's Senator Ron Johnson's staff occasionally might be visible, but for the most part, it's just the presentation.
Here we go.
All right, so the title of this content that we're going to show to you, New York City Spring 2020 Mass Casualty Event Without, that should say without proof or explanation, pardon my typo here.
And the reason that we're here, one of my overall points and sort of the impetus for my independent investigation into the NYC event is that I'm contending that the federal government has not explained or substantiated with even the most basic proof
the biggest mass casualty event in the history of a U.S.
city or history of the U.S.
as far as I can tell.
So as we go through this, we've divided this into three sections.
I'll begin and highlight some things about the magnitude and scale of the New York City event.
and give some, just a few examples of contradictions between the official narrative and the official data.
Then I'm gonna transition to Dr. Kidemi and he's going to show some other kind of bigger picture statistics and place New York City in the context of the United States.
I'll talk a little bit about the lack of proof that we have for this event.
And then we'll go to Dr. Cui and he'll make some comments and points about the biological plausibility of the New York City event in the context of what I've shown.
So I wanna start out with what's probably the most striking visual as just a reminder and an illustration of what is being purported to have occurred in the spring of 2020.
This is deaths occurring daily in New York City from January 1st, 2019 through the end of 2020.
And I think it's fair to say that if somebody didn't have dates on this graph or you just showed it to them and said, hey, what do you think happened here?
What do you think happened in this city?
People might say things like, well, it looks like a bomb went off.
Looks like there was an earthquake and some aftershocks afterwards.
But one thing that it doesn't really look like is a spreading virus or even a deadly coronavirus.
We have nothing going on in mortality, in daily deaths in the city whatsoever until the federal government announces
15 days to slow the spread.
And that announcement is almost like a trigger.
In the deaths, we see a base to peak jump in a matter of about 15 days of about 750 or so percent.
We go from around 150 deaths or so a day to a peak of 1,200 deaths in one day.
almost as inexplicable as that rise is the drop.
So we peak, then we drop back down to baseline by the end of May, and then we basically have no sign of anything unusual going on until the end of the year after the COVID shot
is implemented or after it's available, it starts to creep up a little bit, really not more until January or February, Dr. Kademi can talk more about that.
But we have an event here that is unlike anything that we've ever seen.
It's unlike anything that we see anywhere else in the United States or that New York has ever experienced.
And a lot of these deaths
most, not all, but a lot of the deaths in that event attribute COVID-19 as underlying cause.
And when we separate out the COVID-19 underlying cause from the non-COVID, we see that there is non-COVID excess, about 6,000, 7,000 deaths there.
Interestingly enough, we have non-COVID excess lasting for less time.
It was a shorter event than the COVID event.
But both, both
categories of death here effectively disappear for the rest of the year in terms of excess, which is pretty remarkable when you consider that after the spring, New York still had a lot of mitigations in place.
We had a lot of, I would say some modest chaos going on, not only in New York City, but in cities around the United States with different protests and unrest things are going on.
But it's like nothing was happening at all in New York City.
And it really just, it defies, on its face, prima facie, it defies belief.
The official government story and media story goes something like this.
New York City got hit harder than everywhere else, except maybe Northern Italy, by a spreading coronavirus.
They didn't know how to handle it, but they really learned very quickly and basically defeated the virus.
They showed everybody how to handle it, everybody else.
So here's a good place to say that Kyle Seidel was the top pinned tweet of Kevin McCairn in April of 2020 and that Kyle Seidel was the guy who had a video posted where people were being given 60 liters a minute and he was complaining about the lack of oxygen that some hospitals might have.
And so this is an interesting thing to leave out here because of course, we know it wasn't just ventilators or remdesivir.
And so it's not really clear why there isn't any mentioned of the protocols here yet as to why people might've died.
Learned from New York experience.
Cuomo gets an Emmy, later taken away, but yay Rob, bravo, bravo, New York.
A lot of the mortality
is blamed on spread in nursing homes.
And part of that narrative is- And we know that in nursing homes, we had somebody, Robert Malone, tell us in August of 2021, that they were killing a lot of people in New York and elsewhere by giving them dexamethasone at the hospital and sending them back to care homes.
And dexamethasone being a hammer for the immune system.
So getting rid of any symptoms so that they could be sent home and they would die of pneumonia.
That is something that could be on this slide too.
is that we had COVID positive patients discharged from nursing homes.
Nursing homes had to accept them and it spread COVID everywhere and killed nursing home residents.
That's pretty contradictory to the data as I'll show in a little bit, but that's part of the story.
And also the idea is, well, you know, mistakes were made, but it would have been a lot worse if there was no response.
And the response came just in time.
The virus was silently spreading, and whoo, the federal government like shut things down, you know, death takes off, but it would have been a lot worse.
So we should appreciate the prescience of the government.
That's sort of the narrative that we see.
And I think- Go ahead, go ahead.
I think it had the effect of an executive order telling everybody we're shutting it down for 15 days.
Now, does that actually have the weight of law?
Not necessarily, but I do find it really interesting and I'll show this in other data as well that in New York City,
really anywhere in the United States, and John can confirm this, but we don't see anything going on in any kind of mortality data, any kind of rise in 911 calls, nothing until 15 days to slow the spread.
It's like it all hinges on that, which is ridiculous, right?
But that's when the data starts to go up.
So that's, it's like a hinge point, so to speak.
So I understand what you're saying entirely, but that's,
That's the point where things start to rise.
Thanks.
And yeah, whenever you have questions like that, please, please jump in.
So part of our pushback on that would be that a Corona viruses, no matter what they are, don't hit.
that they're not bombs, they don't have the effect of a bomb.
We don't see a sign of any risk, I would say risk additive pathogens silently spreading before that declaration, which there could be some explanations for that, but none of them have to do with viral spread.
I would say that most, if not all, legitimate excess deaths in New York City were iatrogenic and caused by the response, so to speak.
The data we have don't allow primary blame to be placed either on COVID positive patients being put into nursing homes or some of the other explanations that you hear, like use of ventilators.
We don't even have the data to show how many people were put on and off
ventilators.
The census max, I think, is around 2,700.
That is a far cry from what the hospital toll is purported to be.
And I think there's good reason to suspect, and I know Dr. Khademi and I agree on this, that the curve is at minimum manipulated.
Now, that could mean that there's some fabrication.
It could mean that there's some time shifting going on.
Deaths from the past, classified, reclassified, deaths from the future, all kind of put into this
you know, fantasy, I would call it a fantasy of a spike.
And so really we're, she's emphasizing the fact that they're not using the word murder.
Murder really wasn't done, it doesn't seem like.
Some excess deaths were iatrogenic, were caused by the response.
But for the most part, she's advocating that this is fraud, which is interesting.
And it's also, yeah, it's interesting.
Just a couple more illustrations of magnitude, because I think a lot of people... Go ahead, go ahead.
I'll clarify that more further.
Yes, I think it's a lie, and I'll clarify what I mean by that exactly, because I don't necessarily mean that there's 10,000 fabricated deaths in there.
I wrote an article about that last week that I could forward to you.
Like, what do I mean when I say that the curve is fraudulent?
That it's a misrepresentation and doesn't reflect what actually occurred on the ground in real time.
So that's a great question.
I'll come back around to that.
in terms of scale, because I think a lot of people are like, well, 8 million people live in New York City.
So of course, 27,000 extra people died in 11 weeks.
It really is astounding to consider the number of bodies that they are saying that were handled.
It's incredible.
I call this one the Aprils.
And we have like a normal April is around 4,500 deaths, right?
And then April 2020, we have 20,000 extra people that are purported to have died.
We also see, let me illustrate.
I don't know why this isn't doing this.
There we go.
If we look at the, in terms of the number of bodies that are purported to be handled and we compare it
to the scale of death in the World Trade Center disaster, which is around 2,800, between 2,700 and 2,800 deaths in that particular event.
We can see in this graph that only shows the amount above increase, so the amount above normal.
New York City is saying, I would say the federal government has officiated this and is saying, or validated this and is saying, that New York City experienced eight World Trade Center disasters in six weeks, with most of those being in the first four weeks or so.
It's incredible to think about the number of people they're saying that have died.
Another comparison that's worth considering is just New York City versus Chicago.
Demographically, these cities are very comparable.
It's true that New York City- It would be very interesting, I think Janet Reno is right, it would be very interesting to see when she actually started talking about this.
Because again, I don't know who she was until very recently.
And we first came into contact when she contacted me.
And so then right away, I was put in touch with some of these people from Panda again.
Remember that Panda is an organization that I presented at no more than no less than three times.
And in fact, the second time I presented at Panda was the first time that
Jennifer and Mary the virologist showed up at that meeting and followed me around at those meetings until I decided not to come back.
And Mary the virologist actually also did a couple podcasts with Kevin McCarran around the same time.
And so I'm genuinely interested to know how long she has been pushing the
the idea that we should revisit New York City.
Because if it's after all these people that could be prosecuted are out of office and after all these people that ran these nursing homes are already gone, it's interesting to note that maybe not a lot could be done with this information.
It is denser insofar as where people live or how many people live in a square mile.
But Chicago
announced its first case in January, January 24th, 2020.
New York City announced its first case on March 1st, 2020.
In both cases, mortality- I would encourage anybody who's interested in looking into Jessica Hockett to look into, first and foremost, see what Mark posted on his sub stack.
Because
I don't know anything about what was posted on his substack.
But what was posted on his substack apparently has something to do with me.
And she said that she's not going to talk to him anymore because of me.
But I'm not aware of this.
The last message I have of her is actually really interesting because
if I were to play it right now, which some people would say that's kind of crappy.
But if I were to play it right now, I think you'd actually be really surprised.
Because it's the day before she released this video on Twitter, she sent me a really nice message.
And the message only had content in it, actually, that's notable.
The content was her urging me once again to give Jonathan Engler and Martin Neil the benefit of the doubt.
even though I have a couple weeks of, and maybe even longer of time when I'm trying to tell her I don't trust them, I think they're bad guys.
And she keeps insisting that I should trust them.
And then she released this video on that Thursday, and then you get a message, Mark gets a message that you see on his sub stack.
We don't know what's going on.
We just know that something's wacky here.
And that absolutely positively coincides with her disappearance on Twitter and Substack.
Unless some miraculous maneuver is made, I don't see how this isn't a catastrophic nosedive.
Now, remember, this is us supposedly getting a chance to present to two staffers of Senator Ron Johnson, who I've been in contact, personal contact with, since Senator Ron Johnson was recommended to watch my podcast by Robert Malone.
And yet somehow or another, I can't get an audience with this staff until Jessica Hockett comes along.
And now her and her friend are gonna present first, and then I'm gonna present afterward.
That's what we're watching right here.
Does not rise until that 15 days to slow the spread.
But the magnitude of Chicago versus New York, it's not even close.
So the idea that a coronavirus of any kind, doesn't matter where we wanna say it came from,
that it caused such differential damage.
That's pretty extraordinary.
That is making sure not to question the narrative.
It doesn't matter, it's a coronavirus.
It doesn't matter what kind of coronavirus it is, it couldn't do this.
In Chicago versus New York City, it's almost borderline.
July 2021 is already a whole year late, just so you know.
It's a whole year late that July, 2021 is a month after Brett Weinstein, Steve Kirsch and Robert Malone podcast.
And it's a month after Naomi Wolf spoke out for the first time about the shots.
all the same couple of months window where everybody decided to find principles.
Isn't it funny?
I'm insulting.
There have to be.
Keep in mind that I had already lost my job a whole six months before any of these people pulled their head out of their ass.
It's weird.
It's really weird how all of them have 10 times as many followers as us, even though they're supposedly censored too.
Other explanations.
Yes, that's not in this presentation, but my colleague Jonathan Engler from the UK and I have each, he did it first, but he's taken a really close look at that.
Northern Italy is the only area or city that we, like smaller geographical unit, that we've been able to tell
exceeds New York City only by a little bit.
And it was timed about two weeks sooner than New York.
So if Senator Johnson is interested in the in-depth analysis of that, Dr. Engler, Dr. Engler and I can certainly send that to him or accommodate any questions about that.
Great question.
Just a quick comparison.
Like I said, Dr. Kademi, we'll get into this a little bit later.
When we look at other metro areas through the summer, again, we see, and this isn't adjusted for population, but that's not what I'm trying to show.
I'm trying to show here just the increase from baseline.
to a metro area's own baseline, New York City, head and shoulders by quite a bit of everybody else.
We just never saw that scale of event again.
And the sheer scale of magnitude and speed of that event, both by itself and versus other locations, just, I mean, even just for a high schooler, you don't even have to have an advanced degree to say like, I'm not sure that this was really a spreading coronavirus that was the cause of this.
A couple other quick points about that.
I think when we consider spreading anything, we expect to see signals in at least two places.
There's more than this, but at least two I think are worth highlighting that we don't see anything in.
We would expect to see maybe a rise or certain age groups that are more susceptible to this pathogen.
We would maybe see a signal in their deaths first in all-cause mortality, like in the 80 plus or 75 plus.
That's not what we see.
Instead, we see a simultaneous rise and significant excess death in all adult age groups from the 20s
on up.
It's really astounding.
Now I put these on two different graphs and two different axes, you know, so that- It's not really like she's arguing that this is evidence that there wasn't a spreading pathogen.
She's just saying that it was across age groups.
I think Pierre Corey would agree that it's across all age groups.
He told us that it was all across all age groups.
All these people had low pulse ox.
that you can see the scale.
Obviously, normally younger adults don't die at the same magnitude as older adults do, right?
But New York, as far as myself and Jonathan Engler, my colleague I mentioned earlier, we can tell
New York City is a global outlier with the younger deaths.
And by that, I mean like under age 65 all at once in any period.
And a lot of those are blamed on COVID-19 underlying cause, which is pretty astounding.
We also see all places of death rose at once.
This is from CDC wonder on every death certificate.
It says the kind of place where people die.
You might expect to see
nursing homes maybe rise sooner.
You might expect to see something of a signal, maybe in hospital, inpatient.
It just kind of depends.
I could argue different ways on that with where we might expect to see a spreading coronavirus, a signal of it come up.
But that- The other interesting thing to note here, and I would like somebody who's got the time and the effort to do it to find out how long the
the executive order that Cuomo ordered for New York State, where he said that, you know, there was no malpractice for COVID cases or something like that.
There was a special order.
And so it'd be very interesting to note if the special order expired around the same time that the deaths were expiring.
That's not what we see here.
We see all places of death simultaneously rise as soon as that 15 days to slow the spread is called.
I think there's a misconception
about where the number of people and the magnitude of people and where they died, because so much attention was put on Governor Cuomo and his so-called nurse, what people call the nursing home policy.
But the most number of people by far died in hospitals and in hospital inpatient.
And to this day, this is really important, I think, for the senator to know.
To this day, we have no idea how many nursing home residents total died in this period.
Because you could be a nursing home resident and die in the nursing home.
You could be a nursing home resident and die in the hospital.
I know somebody whose father
got sick in the nursing home or was really deteriorating in the nursing home in New York City in the spring and then ended up coming home to his home to die, right?
So we need that data.
We need to know total how many nursing home residents died.
But right now we've got death, not just in nursing homes, but in other places of death as well.
The most death that attributed COVID as underlying cause, again, was not in hospitals, or excuse me, was not in nursing homes, it was in hospitals.
And I don't think I need to remind anybody on this call that hospitals received incentives for, I would call them incentives,
received payment for COVID patients during that period and for a long time afterwards.
So if for no other reason, we need investigation of what occurred here, because I feel like what happened in hospitals is being kept inside a black box, even though that's where the most death and the most COVID death occurred.
I want to highlight a couple other pieces of data before I turn things over to Dr. Kodemi, and that is with deaths concerning deaths at home, and then also go back to deaths in hospitals.
We had that, I would call it a national campaign that launched telling people to stay home and save lives.
But the fact is we had a lot of people die at home.
And it was during a time when emergency department visits in New York City plummeted 60% as deaths at home skyrocketed 400% from base to peak.
Now, some of this people have, and I would say the government was, this was the government messaging at the time too.
It was that, well, people are staying away from the hospital because they're obeying orders or they're afraid.
They're afraid of the virus.
But you know what's funny about New York City?
Calls, 911 calls and ambulance dispatches went up about 25%.
Again, right when they call 15 days to slow the spread, they go up.
So people were calling for help.
I'm not saying some people weren't staying away from the hospital too, but we've got a ton of calls going on and ambulances being dispatched.
But at the same time, we have a drop in ambulances that brought patients to the hospital.
So people are calling for help.
Ambulances are going out.
But people aren't being brought to the hospital.
Some are, obviously, but not as much as we would expect.
Another data point along these lines.
Go ahead.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, hold on a second with that.
I'm going to get to that.
But first, I want to say, and I don't have it in this presentation, 911 calls did go up in New York.
They didn't in Chicago.
I think that's really interesting.
In fact, they went down a little bit in Chicago.
Yes, but I also know what emergency medical services was being told.
Emergency medical services in New York and elsewhere actually was being told to keep people away from hospitals.
They were given different directives about how to handle people in cardiac arrest, and I'll get to that data in a second.
So I think-
but let's and I'm not saying I've looked more in more granular data on on the calls there is some suggestion that there's some worried well but there was also a massive cardiac worried well worried well is a term used by by uh by James Giordano
arrest event that I'll show you in just a second.
I think we have all the answers here.
Really, I've been on this inquiry for a couple years, and what we need is investigation of this because the explanations that are given, well, people are just panicking.
A lot of this conflicts with the data and with first responders that I've spoken with and that I've interviewed firsthand.
Now, a little bit to your point, there was a massive rise.
It seems that the dispatches, this is two different scales here, but a lot of it is driven, not all of it, but a substantial number is driven by dispatches where medical aid was refused.
Now, normally,
final disposition code, these are people that were not taken to the hospital.
Now, it's not clear.
Refused medical aid could be a refusal on the patient's part.
Were there refusals on the EMT's part?
There is some qualitative evidence to suggest that.
And when you look at the orders that EMT's were
Well, I can tell you this, 20,000 or so of these refusals of medical aid dispatches were calls that were coded one or two in severity level.
That's the highest level.
We need some investigation of this because I'm not really sure why anybody who was determined to be level one or two in severity
is not being brought to the hospital.
That's really disturbing to me.
So again, I'm not saying that there's not worried well here.
There's- This really feels odd to me now.
When I was listening to the presentation, it felt odd, like, you know, get on with it already.
Like all these details don't really matter.
Where's your main point?
I thought we were supposed to give an elevator pitch and now we're on refusal of aid dispatches and we're not really explaining what it means or why it's significant.
I mean, I can tell you when I was listening to this live, I was already like, dude, are you kidding me?
Like, we're already, according to my timer, we're 20, you know, we're really far in.
She cut out all the questions, we're 21 minutes in.
So if those questions were another five minutes, we're 25 minutes into the hour we're already gonna get.
And it's not done yet.
Plenty of data to suggest there's a portion of that as, as we would expect, but looking at the orders that EMTs were given.
under the auspices of we have to control spread and hospitals are overwhelmed, which they were not by the way, it paints a really unsettling picture.
Again, I'm not saying I have all the answers, but it needs to be investigated.
And I think, let me skip that for one second, it's pretty much the same as this.
What's most disturbing about this is that we have, from what I can tell, is the biggest cardiac arrest event in homes
that is documented anywhere, doesn't, again, nothing's going on in cardiac arrest.
This is patients that were pronounced dead at the point of pickup.
So they didn't go anywhere except, you know, to a morgue, to a funeral home.
But nothing's going on, 15 days to slow the spread, and then we have a massive cardiac arrest event.
Now, if media is triggering
cardiac arrest in thousands of New Yorkers, we better investigate that and somebody better study it, because that's a heck of a correlation.
Yes, so we've looked at Italy, we've looked at London, we've looked at Paris, we've looked at Detroit, and there might be some other place.
The scale is not the same, that New York is above all of those.
And so Denny Rancor is also somebody who should have been able to collaborate with these guys to show that New York was an anomaly.
But Denny Rancor doesn't seem very interested in talking about New York as an anomaly, which is also just, you know, it's a data point.
places.
Italy comes somewhat close, but New York, as far as we can tell, is an outlier.
When she says we, she means her and Jonathan Engler.
Even if it weren't, this still warrants explanation.
What the heck happened here?
Again, if media can trigger this, that needs to be studied.
Media didn't trigger this, okay?
Whatever this is was used as a justification for models in the UK, for lockdowns in America where they could be implemented, and for the debate on TV about whether people were taking this seriously or not.
And I'm not really sure she's actually said that yet, which is interesting because she's asking for an investigation, but not really suggesting what this, the implications are.
If they lied about deaths or they murdered people, then the pandemic was faked.
And that kinda is like a real succinct way of saying it, which after 20 minutes of presentation, she hasn't managed to do yet.
Big time.
So that's just one.
I mean, right now it's being blamed on COVID, COVID-19 and healthcare avoidance and stress.
But again, people were calling, help was coming.
Help was not transporting a lot of people.
So we have some conflicting, and this graph captures all of what I just.
Okay, make sure that when you say don't let the enemy be perfect, be the enemy of good, make sure you understand what I am evaluating here.
We had a chance to speak to Senator Ron Johnson's staff, and it's supposed to be because she got their attention on Twitter.
And now she has chosen me to present with her and some guy that I've never met.
And it seems as though her message and her friend's message are more important than mine.
Which is fine.
Except, remember, in the context of me having gotten a phone call from Senator Ron Johnson two and a half years ago, it's strange that in two and a half years, Senator Ron Johnson's never bothered to have a Zoom meeting with me.
But now, within a matter of a few days of a Twitter spat, she's able to get two staffers to listen to us.
I mean, Robert Malone told him to sit down and listen to me.
That's a little different than catching his attention on Twitter.
And there are also things that we haven't told you yet about Jessica and how she's communicated with us.
And so there are more reasons to believe that she might be a traitor.
Look at the sub stack of Mark Housatonic and see the message that she sent last week and try to explain it.
Try to remember in my stream if I've ever mentioned any of her family members.
try to remember in my streams if I've ever talked about her at length at all, except for when she's been in the chat.
And she is the one who hooked me up with the heart group guy, Jonathan Engler, and urged me to write something with him about virology because that was the way to get it out.
but my message isn't nearly as important as hers and all of the little details that she has about her message has not been summarized yet in 20 plus minutes of this talk.
23 minutes with the questions added out.
So we're at a half an hour here where she told me we were all gonna give 10 minute elevator pitches.
Said, two different scales here, so be aware of that, but massive home death event
not really a reasonable explanation and data that's incongruent with what we might expect, in my opinion.
Just a quick comparison.
Ebola, those outbreaks are very, geographically, they're very contained too.
Yes, but I don't have it in this presentation, but I have compared New York.
Did Ebola just get a nod of, yeah, Ebola checks out.
Did she just say that Ebola checks out like she I think she did, which is a pretty interesting thing for someone from Chicago Public Schools to say, I two different scales here.
So be aware of that.
But massive home death event, not really a reasonable explanation and data that's
incongruent with what we might expect in my opinion.
Just a quick comparison.
Ebola, those outbreaks are very geographically, they're very contained too.
Yes, but I don't have it in this presentation, but I have compared New York City spring 2020 to New York City 1918.
New York City 2020 is about double.
So I have questions about that.
I mean, there's also the possibility.
But yeah, we do that.
There's also the possibility that these foreign meddlers have meddled with Jessica.
Jessica was the one who was absolutely convinced that Jonathan Engler is just the sweetest guy and she trusted him.
And so it's possible that she was meddled with.
and that bringing us together was supposed to be some kind of controlled little orchestrated thing where these two Americans would be effectively neutralized through their association with these meddlers from outside of the United States.
But given what you see on Mark's substack and given what you might see on my substack in a couple of days, I'm gonna suggest to you that you might wanna reorient your interpretation of events.
because it feels very much like she, like Matt Crawford tried to do to us a year and a half ago, tried to separate Mark and I by lying about me and making Mark make the choice between her and me.
And at the same time, interestingly enough, it would be crazy, right, if she tried to make me make the choice between Mark and her.
It'd be crazy if I had an email where she tried to do that on the exact same day that she did it to Mark.
Wouldn't that be nuts?
Would that make you reconsider my interpretation of this meeting a little bit and make you reconsider why she might be off of Twitter for a month?
Because that's where we are.
I feel like we're in that rounders scene where it's finally revealed that
Check, check, check, check, check.
He trapped me.
Pay that man his money.
He beat me straight up.
That's what happens when you lie and you bluff and then you get caught.
You lose the pot.
And so it doesn't matter how many more cards we wait for or how many more weeks we wait to show you all of the DMs and all of the communications that these people have had with me in order to demonstrate that I'm not crazy.
We have all those communications.
I have not been an idiot for a very long time.
And in fact, I've saved every chat that I've ever had with anyone because I know most people are liars.
The only ones I don't have are from early 2020, and I do regret that because the book would be just a little bit better, the one that I'm going to write, if all of those chats were available.
But boy, 2021 onward is rich.
And there are even whole chapters with whole characters that I haven't even bothered to expose yet, because what's the point?
They know they're exposed, that's why they stopped contacting me.
They know they're exposed, that's why because they stopped mentioning me, because they know they can't do anything anymore.
They revealed themselves in private messages that contradict, in behaviors that contradict.
And when they go for trying to wreck a friendship that's based on trust,
and they underestimate the power of that friendship, oftentimes, you know, they run into a problem.
And that's why Matt Crawford failed, and why Matt Crawford a year later finds himself in a Bitcoin chat of his own making on Signal, where him and Doc Malek
the meddler from the UK are constantly talking about how JJ is really dividing and lost his mind and is going psychotic.
The same Bitcoin chat that I was supposed to stay in, please come back.
And so just like other teams of meddlers have lied to me about their relationships with each other, another team of meddlers worked me for about nine months in the backwoods of Twitter on direct messaging, pretending to be a bunch of good guys from Panda, and it turns out that they're traitors, most likely.
It's also possible that Jessica is a good American that has been cooperating with these meddlers and doesn't yet realize that who she should be cooperating with is me and Mark.
Because we spent a lot of time pushing this message and leveraging it to leverage our own message.
Because that's what a good, truthful message does.
It synergistically works with the rest of the truth that we already have.
And so we don't have to focus exclusively on New York.
We can say that Jessica has a lot of data that suggests New York was fake.
We have a lot of data that suggests they murdered people with oxygen and ventilators and remdesivir and midazolam from all over the world.
And so if they did that in New York, Jessica might have a neat story.
But if we integrate across the whole story, we also have to talk about virology and the history of it.
We also have to talk about PCR testing.
We also have to talk about the sequencing lies.
We have to talk about all of these things.
And yet, curiously enough, just like a lot of these people, she's focused on one thing and one thing only, even when Pierre Kory's testimony for the George Floyd thing and Pierre Kory's testimony about what happened in New York and at the Senate could easily be used as a bookend hearing to say, by the way, the authority on what happened in New York City is none other than somebody who's gotta be a liar because he was also an expert witness in a Minnesota case about a guy who was killed by a cop.
and the best timeline about Pierre Cory is hers.
Because of course, she is the authority on New York and on her timeline, there's nothing about Pierre Cory being the expert witness in the Floyd trial.
And in fact, if you look very closely at the substack of Mark, you will see that it looks like Jessica made a mistake.
and thought that Mark was accusing her of something when Mark was just saying, holy shit, I didn't know that George Floyd's case had an expert witness named Pierre Corey.
You must have known that.
That's crazy.
And she took that as an accusation and then panicked.
and then lied to Mark about me.
And then at the same time sent an email to lie to me about what she said to Mark in hopes that we would both choose to be her friend or one of us would choose to be her friend instead of Mark or Jay's friend.
Which is interesting because Mark and I have a little longer history than one year of friendship now.
We have more than one piece of evidence as to why we trust each other.
We have a long pattern of integrity with each other behind the scenes and in public.
We've shared rental cars in hotel rooms.
I mean, it's just laughable to me that at this stage somebody thought that they could play me like this.
And so who else has been played here?
Is it her?
Or is she playing us?
The most likely explanation, given what Mark put on his substack and given what I will put on my substack later this week, it's very hard for me to conceive a situation where she is bamboozled.
And if she is, then she better be pulling herself out of this nosedive pretty quick once she realizes the depth and the breadth of the deception of these foreign meddlers that tried to absorb the actual truth of virology that I'm trying to teach, which is that virology is just based on transfection and transformation of cell cultures and animals.
using synthetic DNA and RNA.
It's really simple.
And the no virus people could have said this four years ago, but they also didn't because they're also part of the same group of meddlers.
They don't all have to know they're on the same team to be on the same team paid by the same rich people.
They don't all have to know that they're on the same team if they're elevated by the same fake mechanisms that they say as, I don't know, it's the algorithms.
a lot, especially Dr. Engler and I look at like past events.
Denny Rancor, I know has looked a lot at that comparing mortality events over time.
If we look at just another quick comparison, another quick point about the home deaths, this is from CDC Wonder Federal Database.
This is Cook County, which is Chicago.
There, any kind of heart related death at home during this period versus New York City?
It's not even close.
So an explanation I think is warranted about what could have occurred.
So how long is she gonna talk and not say they murdered people and lied about it?
Or they manufactured death rate and lied about it to cause the whole pandemic thing to happen.
When is she gonna say that?
Heard in New York or what factors are involved because
Are we going to have to wait for New York State to decide to investigate this?
Do you see what the problem is here?
Coronavirus can't possibly be the reason.
So if it's media messaging, if it's what was going on with EMTs and first responders, that needs to be uncovered.
Also during this time, really alarming,
is that the medical examiner seems to have abandoned their duties.
Now, I know what the party line explanations of this are, oh, we're overwhelmed, there was so much going on, but Chicago didn't see this kind of drop, but there was a drop in home deaths that received offers.
I do think it's silly for Mike Eden to be saying that they designed this to reduce fertility.
I think that's a silly thing to say because again, it's committing to a specific explanation where we don't have to commit to a specific explanation.
A subset of the mRNA shots could have been designed to reduce fertility and another subset were placebos.
Like the idea that Mike Yeadon is now being promoted as a guy who says that it's designed to kill us or designed to harm us is already too simple of an explanation because even if some of them were designed to kill us, others of them were placebo to make sure that we wouldn't figure it out.
So we need to get Wolfgang Wodach on the show again.
We need to get Mike Eden on the show again to talk to them about these incongruencies and these weaknesses in their current rhetoric, because they are playing right back into the hands of the slavers if they are now gonna tell us these stories that they don't need to tell us.
Autopsies.
Now, they shouldn't drop.
I would at least expect it to stay the same, if not increase.
So massive home death event, the biggest in New York City history, but we don't have people being autopsied.
I think that's a pretty big red flag and it warrants explanation.
couple more points about hospitals.
I mean, and I'm glad you said this, like, I think that's probably right.
Mike Eden can't say certain things without going to prison.
That's probably right.
I think Janet usually has a pretty good insight on these things.
And I respect her opinion in the chat.
The media was covering New York.
They absolutely were.
And I live in Chicagoland, and I remember like, we have to do something because New York is on fire.
That's basically the message that was being conveyed.
We were told about an apocalyptic surge at Elmhurst Hospital.
President Trump was on the White House lawn talking about how there's refrigerator trucks there, et cetera, et cetera.
What's funny is, I mean, it's actually not funny, but I obtained Elmhurst's data,
In that period, there was a slight rise in emergency department visits, but it was before really the emergency period began, and then huge drop for the rest of the year.
for the rest of the year.
Go ahead.
So I have asked New York City and New York State for daily hospital admissions.
They both actually asked New York City first.
They said, no, ask the state.
The state says, no, we don't have that.
So your intuition is correct that we need daily hospital admissions.
If for no other reason, because we need to know how many hospital inpatients who died during this event were admitted before the event began.
Like that's really important.
What if a huge proportion of hospital inpatients who died were admitted in January?
I think that's a big deal, right?
Because these numbers are being used to show that there was a virus suddenly attacked the city.
Now, some of these calls, I mean, you might be thinking this too, or some of this decline, I think with emergency department visits, maybe due to increases in telehealth and calls being directed to telehealth.
Now, is that a good thing or a bad thing?
I guess we could debate that, but Elmhurst was called the epicenter of the epicenter hospital and their emergency departments do not show that they're overwhelmed.
The other day, I've been waiting on other data for a year
on nursing home resident transfers into hospitals.
I mean, again, like I told you earlier, we don't even have in the United States numbers on the number of nursing home residents who die every day or every month, every year, regardless of place of death.
And I think there's some shell games going on there.
And I think, I know in Chicago, because I have that data, that more COVID nursing home deaths died in the hospital than in the nursing home.
So I think that's really good to know because nursing homes to a certain extent I think have been scapegoated or they've gotten a lot of attention.
So I agree with you, but I've had trouble getting just basic data from city and federal agencies as well.
Something about the emergency departments though, remember that we were told and media was trying to tell us that emergency departments were overwhelmed.
So if nothing else, this is like, no, it wasn't.
This was the apocalyptic hospital and their data shows the opposite of what the media was saying.
And if I, I mean, I have this, I got this data going all the way back to 2007.
I mean, Elmhurst Hospital has experienced busier emergency department visit days and weeks than spring 2020.
I mean, look at-
Well, specific to Elmhurst, first of all, well, I'll get to that in a second.
We've got some missing data, first of all.
Elmhurst, I was able last year to get from New York City H&H, which is the agency that runs the 11 public hospitals in New York City.
I was able to get historical data for Elmhurst Hospital, ICU, and non-ICU.
Again, we do not see a hospital that was experiencing the highest patient occupancy it ever experienced.
What's really troubling about that, again, okay, this is actually just a news story, little clip, just a reminder, Elmhurst, 13 deaths in a day, apocalyptic surge at NYC Hospital, right?
This is why your kid in East St.
Louis, Illinois has to stay.
I'm gonna be really honest with you.
At this stage in the presentation, I was going bananas.
I was screaming like, what is going on here?
What are we doing?
Why am I not speaking yet?
I was going bananas and I couldn't understand it.
I didn't understand what we were doing here and why we were still talking.
We are, in this video, 30 minutes in.
That would mean we are much farther into the hour than 30 minutes because she's been fast forwarding through the questions.
We could be 40 minutes into the hour already where she told me we were each gonna do an elevator pitch.
Does it seem like she was gonna do an elevator pitch here?
We're still throwing slides.
I lost my mind in the background.
And that's probably why you'll see when I come on screen, I don't have a very good presentation.
I don't have a very good energy because I'm already convinced that something very, very, very screwy is going on here.
Cause this is not an elevator pitch.
Oh, it's just, it's just ridiculous.
But, you know, we do.
It was reiterated by the president on the White House lawn and reiterated by Ron Johnson.
What happened in New York City?
He said on May 6, 2020.
I mean, I think.
I think we would like to be able to finish the content that we've prepared to present so that you understand the bigger picture of what we're but I but I'm OK with you interjecting because
A lot of this is disturbing because it's counter narrative and it's counter what we were told.
Elmhurst Hospital does report a ton of death.
In fact, they report losing more than every occupied bed in a very short timeframe.
Hold on one second.
What's troubling about this is that I asked for this is all cause death.
I asked for the deaths from New York City Health and Hospital.
I asked for the daily deaths back to 2017.
They said, we can only give you 2020 because 2017 to 2019 is in another system.
I'm sorry, but if you're going to use graphs, you need to explain them.
You can't put a graph up on the screen that no one's seen before and not explain to them what's on the y-axis, not explain to them what's on the x-axis, and why you're showing it.
You can't.
That's not how this works.
It's just as stupid as Andy Kaufman's presentation at the Red Pill Conference where it was just slide after slide of the top half of a publication with some portion of the text of the abstract highlighted.
You are just asking people to try and read a slide and figure out why you put it up there.
Just like right now, you're asking her to look at this graph and interpret it while you're listening to the shit that you're saying that has nothing to do with the graph.
It's just indirectly related.
I'm showing you another Elmhurst Hospital graph, but I'm not gonna tell you specifically why I chose this one.
And we can't get it.
Basically is what they said.
That's disturbing because I have a feeling that perhaps, or I have a theory, that some of these deaths may have been pulled from the past.
and put in- And so at 30 minutes in, she's saying that some of them might've been pulled from the past.
Is it just me, or you could summarize this in 10 minutes with bullet points and say, I've got data for every one of these things, and I've looked at this, this, and this, and I think we have a big problem that we have to investigate, or did we need to do 40 minutes like this?
and put into this spike.
So when agencies are hiding data, it's not a good sign.
It's a really, really bad sign, especially when an event of this scale is purported to have occurred.
Notice, again, we don't really see anything
abnormal going on at Elmhurst until 15 days to slow the spread is called.
So the portrait of this event, all of these data points at once, I know it's a lot to take in, but this is like, what the heck happened there?
Did they kill a bunch of people who were already in the hospital?
Because if so, Americans deserve to know that because this hospital was held up as a spectacle of doom and what could happen to everybody.
So how many people do you think watched this video on Twitter all the way to the end to catch my part?
and the data doesn't add up.
It doesn't make sense.
Even if you look at the city overall, this is just emergency department visits.
And I know we said there could be reasons why that plummeted and there could have been other transfers, but pandemic- I can't believe I didn't see that before.
Why aren't HIPAA laws even in the discussion here?
That's very,
astute of you, Janet.
Thank you very much.
...of the century, and we have nobody in the emergency department.
Ambulances aren't transporting people to the hospital, but unprecedented levels of death.
New York City's system reports losing the near equivalent of every occupied bed in the city, about 20,000 people in a matter of weeks.
And there's just no proof that this occurred.
And we've got some incomplete data sets.
This is just one example of the New York City Hospital bed availability and occupancy census.
The state told me they don't have the rest of the data.
Now this data set starts March 26th.
Well, that's funny because that's the day after the CARES Act is passed.
So where's the rest of the data?
We have no baseline.
That's really disturbing.
You know, finally, before I pass it on.
And so someone in the chat is clearing up the idea or suggesting that HIPAA laws had to be waived in order for this data to be reported and hospitals had to be given the green light in order to report this data.
So she may be over-representing the significance of the lack of data here simply because before those dates, it may have been illegal for them to report it and still protect it under the HIPAA laws.
So that's interesting.
It's not something that I saw at the time
So again, kudos to Janet.
It's been a long time since you've been in the chat there, lady.
Over to Dr. Kademi.
One of the most disturbing data points about New York City hospitals is the scale of younger adult hospital inpatient deaths.
And almost all of them are blamed on COVID-19.
Now, COVID-19 does not kill younger adults.
And Chicago doesn't look like this.
So what I would say to any US Senator, including Senator Johnson, is we need some investigation into what happened in these hospitals, if only on the basis of this data alone.
It's inexcusable that we don't have answers about what the heck happened here and why.
I'm going to turn it over to Dr. Kademi.
Go ahead, John.
OK, so 34 minutes minus the questions.
So she definitely presented for at least 40 minutes.
And it was supposed to be a 15-minute elevator pitch for each of us that would have gotten us to 45 minutes.
And then there would have been 15 minutes of questions.
So I don't know exactly what she planned there, but that was definitely not a elevator pitch.
And in the end, she didn't even have summary slides.
And so a person who's supposed to be a professional educator of educators, she's actually called herself a teacher of teachers, which is what I was.
When I graduated from college, I spent a couple years teaching science teachers in elementary schools of Chicago public schools on the South side of Chicago, in some of the poorest districts of CPS, teaching those or helping to teach those teachers to teach science better.
I was actually a teacher of teachers.
So it's very strange that one of the resume points that kind of got us connected was being a teacher of teachers.
And in fact, again, I'm just gonna hand it over to Dr. Kademi.
So this is the final slide from here to there.
Amazingly succinct presentation.
Hi, Colleen, thank you for your time.
The overarching message is what happened in New York was not some sort of natural event like New York got hit harder.
The hand of man is really, really clear in what happened in New York.
It just doesn't fit any kind of... So wait, he's going to present about New York too?
Would you have been surprised about that as well, seeing as we had three people that were supposed to each have a story, and now the second person that I haven't met yet until this meeting is going to present New York City too?
Really?
It's a natural explanation, and it needs to be investigated.
And we're getting stonewalled.
This is a picture of excess mortality across 15 years now, and you can see exactly when it started.
And if we look in the little, right where the red, the bright red and flex up, we can see that U.S.
excess mortality in basically April of 2020 was about 100,000, which includes about half of that from New York City, which is about fourth and the tri-state area was about a half.
And 100,000 excess deaths in a year is actually, it's at the edge, but it's within random variation of what we could expect in a flu season.
Over this time period that's in here, we have had flu seasons that have had close to that number of excess.
Go ahead and go to the next slide, Jessica, because you're driving.
Okay, so this again, this just shows the same thing about half of those excess deaths were in New York and tri-state area.
I wonder if you can possibly imagine what I was doing off camera right now.
I don't think you can.
I would be embarrassed to tell you what I was doing off camera right now.
Okay, head again.
She's got my slide deck, okay?
So again, New York City, tri-state area, you can see what the baseline looks like and what their excess desks look like.
But I want to frame this in context of what this looked like in the rest of the country.
Click ahead one more again.
Okay, so here we go.
As this slide fills in, as it pictures in, we've got this light blue line.
At least he's trying to explain it, but I can tell you, you can't read any of that text.
I've got the screen right in front of me and I can't read really any of that text.
It says, what does this chart show?
This chart shows what the country would have looked like spring 2020 without the reported mass mortality event in New York state.
So he's really gonna focus on the New York thing.
We've got this, I've got someone coming in.
We've got this light blue line that shows the all cause mortality going across recent history.
And we see 2017 and 2018 with that flu peak.
Guys, go in the back.
Yeah.
And then we see the arrows pointing to what the United States would have looked like, those two arrows, what the United States would have looked like had we not had 50,000 excess deaths in the tri-state area.
And it would not have even risen to the level of, shall we say, the unremarkable 2017, 2018 season.
So if you pull New York out, if you pull tri-state out of the United States and you put in
we'll call them reasonable numbers for New York.
What I did was I used 2018 and 2019.
2018, 2019, nothing happened.
There was nothing going on in the rest of the country.
And of course, we see the subsequent mortality waves, that's all real data there, all reported data, are much, much larger than the original mortality wave if we pull out that New York event.
Look ahead for me, Jess.
The Z-scores really- So it's now started to strike me as something that I need to mention here is that we could be being led to believe that this excess mortality is exclusively the shot.
but it's probably not.
It's still iatrogenic death.
It's still supplemental oxygen.
It's still inappropriate ventilation.
It's still inappropriate use of bremdesivir.
It's still inappropriate use of midazolam.
It's still inappropriate use of protocols that are meant to respond to a virus that probably doesn't exist.
So in this scenario, we are still going to be led to one particular conclusion, I believe, which is the vax begins right there.
And so we are about to be told that it is the vaccine that is giving us excess deaths.
It's not the COVID.
It's the vaccine.
It's not the opioids.
It's not suicides and all-cause mortality going up for a million different reasons.
It's the vax.
If we pull out that New York event, look ahead for me, Jess.
The Z-scores really are what paint the picture of this not being a natural event.
Click ahead one more and I'll go over it, because I got another slide and I want to give JJ some time.
So this is what the Z-scores of Tri-State and New York.
He met me for the first time and he calls me JJ already.
Why do all these people for the first freaking time they meet me already call me JJ?
I asked people to stop calling me JJ when I was 14 years old, but every one of these people, from the first time they meet me, even when they're not sure who I am in the airport of O'Hare two days ago, ho, are you JJ?
Now it's totally fine if you call me JJ in the chat.
It's totally fine, I don't care.
I'm talking about these people that should have some respect.
that I would have called him mister until I was told otherwise.
I never said, yeah, you can call me JJ.
And if I did, I did it because I already was annoyed you even asked me that was my name.
Nobody's ever calling Jessica Rose, Rosie or Jessie.
look like.
And if we have the United States with the reported tri-state in New York, we have a Z-score of about seven, which is, it's just, it's impossible.
So what's a Z-score?
Do the Johnson staff, are they familiar with what a Z-score means and why it should be significant?
You don't need to teach them the statistic that you're saying is significant here.
to have that kind of excess mortality.
But New York at 200 and Tri-State at 262, absolutely not.
There's no way that this can be explained as a man-made event.
And if we pull the Tri-State out, the United States Z-score is well within historical limits.
The only thing that's off is the timing.
So this is in my mind, this is probably one of the most compelling charts that I have to say that whatever went on in New York, whatever went on Tri-State, it was not some sort of spread of a novel deadly pathogen.
The hand of man is absolutely involved in this in one way or another.
Either those people were killed, they made up deaths, they pulled deaths, something about the hand of man happened in New York and happened in Tri-State that did not happen elsewhere.
Click ahead for me again.
Also, 15 days to slow the spread.
So based on the mortality curves, we can back project what the cases would have looked like at an arbitrary infection fatality rate.
So you can pick something like 0.2 or 0.4.
It doesn't matter what that is.
But based on those mortality curves, we can back project when those patients
would have had gotten, shall we say gotten COVID with about a 23, about a three week latency between getting COVID and dying of it.
And of course, we see that to have created that mortality, we would have had about a half a million cases in early March.
And by the time 15 days to slow the spread was announced in the middle of March, New York City would have had 1.65 million cases.
Wait a minute.
So this is a model.
back projected cases using an ICFR of 2% and a latency of 21 days.
It's a fricking model.
And he's not even telling anybody what the parameters of the model are or what he's doing here at all.
It's extraordinary what you see now in retrospect, is it not?
And this was a big share last week for Jessica.
alone.
And by the time this, go ahead.
No, you're doing great.
So this is actually not a testing driven curve.
This is a death driven curve.
So to have created those deaths, I have those charts.
They're not in that deck and I can send it to you.
And in fact, actually is even earlier than that, which is coming up in a couple of slides here.
Click ahead, Jess.
This slide.
Okay, so here we have, this is getting tinfoil hat, I get it, but what we have here- Can we clarify- Go ahead, JJ.
Can we clarify what Colleen's saying before we move on?
Because what you're suggesting, Colleen, is that the
ability for whatever was circulating before the declaration to cause death didn't cause any deaths until the declaration.
So your observation is actually huge edification for what we're talking about because you're holding a very big contradiction in your head if you assume that it's been circulating for longer but didn't start to kill anybody until somebody announced it.
That's absurd.
Exactly what you just said.
Clarify again what you said then so I can point out how it is contradictory.
I'm trying to help you understand that even though some cases are something that you assume, because we didn't have testing, so you have to assume it, because that's what they told you to assume.
And that assumption is making you miss the fact that that assumption is contradictory, because if you assume that, then there should also be... I couldn't stand it anymore.
I had to interrupt here, because she was asking crazy dumb questions about the fact that, wait, I understand that
We think we have sequences from like September or October of 2019.
And then this guy who was presenting wasn't gonna use it for a dunk.
So I had to interrupt and say, no, no, no, you don't understand.
You're holding a giant contradiction in your mind if you're talking to him and not realizing what you just said.
And he wasn't gonna point it out.
That's what's happening here.
this is this is getting tinfoil hat I get it but what we can we clarify what Colleen's saying before we move on because what you're suggesting Colleen is that the the the
ability for whatever was circulating before the declaration to cause death didn't cause any deaths until the declaration.
So your observation is actually huge edification for what we're talking about because you're holding a very big contradiction in your head if you assume that it's been circulating for longer but didn't start to kill anybody until somebody announced it.
That's absurd.
Exactly what you just said.
Clarify again what you said then so I can point out how it is contradictory.
I'm trying to help you understand that even though some cases are something that you assume, because we didn't have testing, so you have to assume it because that's what they told.
So Jessica was referring to him as Dr. Kemeny all the time.
Dr. Kemeny, Dr. Kemeny, Dr. Engler, JJ.
That's what I hear.
I didn't, I don't, that's what I hear.
I hear lots of people giving respect, repeating names over and over again, saying Jonathan Engler's name, Dr. Jonathan Engler, three times, Dr. Kasemi a couple times, but JJ, it's fine.
I'm not crying about it from an ego perspective.
I'm showing you a pattern that has existed for four years.
And it's not a pattern that is accidental.
It's a pattern that's designed to be deprecating and designed to be condescending.
And that's why when Andy Kaufman remembered my name in the airport three days ago, he defaulted to JJ, not Dr. Cooey or Mr. Cooey or Jonathan Cooey or Jonathan, you to assume.
And that assumption is making you miss the fact that that assumption is contradictory, because if you assume that, then there should also be deaths and there weren't.
Well, our deaths never stop.
No.
So why didn't, if it's a novel source of death, why didn't it show up until we announced it?
What spike?
The one in New York?
Because that's the only one there is.
That's the only spike.
I don't want to interrupt.
I'll stop, and I'll stop.
Oh, it's OK.
It's OK.
Well, I think all of us are on the same page that there was no spread of a novel deadly risk additive pathogen.
It had been circulating for years, if not decades.
And this chart suggests that.
So we're here.
Let me say it a different way for somebody like Graham HG, for example.
I'm not saying that you calling me JJ is the problem.
What I'm saying is, is that if I was meant to rise
then these people would introduce me like they introduced Jessica Rose and list all four of her degrees.
Or they would call me Dr. Cooey all the time.
Or, as has so eloquently been said in the chat, they could have settled on Dr. J a long time ago and it would have been a really jazzy thing to call me for four years.
Oh, we're getting Dr. J on again.
but they didn't, they settled on JJ, which from my perspective is a name that I've told many times on my stream and elsewhere that people called me JJ when I was a kid and I kind of asked them to stop, but you can call me that if you want to.
That's all I'm saying.
Wow, did you hear that?
I missed that.
I was too freaking out in the background to hear this shit.
Holy cow.
On the same page that there was no spread of a novel deadly risk additive pathogen.
It had been circulating for years, if not decades.
and this chart suggests that.
So what we're here is we see, and I have a matching chart that shows vaccinations too, and it's exactly what you expect.
Vaccinations go up, and we note that when we start gain of function about a dozen years ago, we see a sustained elevation in influenza-attributed mortality.
Holy shit!
In spite of an increase in the vaccination.
Wow, I can't believe it!
And we also note we have
an elevation in unspecified coronavirus mortality, which starts, guess what, with gain of function.
So one of our big contentions is there was no spread.
One of our big contentions is what?
Of a novel deadly risk additive.
The five coronavirus mortality, which starts, guess what, with gain of function.
So one of our big contentions is there was no spread of a novel deadly risk additive pathogen.
It had been circulating
for years, if not decades, and we have multiple lines of evidence on that.
And the increase in mortality spike in the spring of 2020 was a New York only event with nothing else happening in the rest of the country.
And then everything went sideways from there.
So that's where I'll finish up, because I've got a patient here now, and I'll let JJ.
I can stay on for a little longer than this.
43 minutes minus the questions.
So we're talking about an hour, and we're like 10 minutes left.
And the staff is already done.
The staff is already tired of listening.
Staff has already been absolutely bamboozled with stupid graphs that have never been explained, with axes that were never explained.
There's no cursor on the screen here at all.
It's really extraordinary when you see it in retrospect.
JJ.
I mean, part of that too, I'll come back to kind of what we're- Oh, we're gonna give JJ some time?
Oh no, not yet.
Jessica's got a few more things to say.
Asking for after JJ goes, but I know for me, after two plus years of looking at this, it is highly unlikely that this daily death curve and the curves that underlie it represent a real time event.
And the burden of proof is on those who are making the claim.
And we have no proof.
We don't even have basic proof that this occurred.
We have digits in a spreadsheet.
And my question is, did the number of people purported to have died on each day all die on... She's reading to the right of her or to the left.
I can see her eyes moving over there.
All die, period.
All die on that day.
Die in the setting or place that's claimed and die only once.
I mean, this is the biggest mass casualty event in US history, but we don't have any proof.
We don't even have names of the people who died.
Go ahead, JJ, you switch over.
I'll stop sharing my screen and I'll go back when we're wrapping up.
Oh, you're muted, JJ.
I'm gonna use my own tech, so you gotta watch me as the speaker, otherwise you won't see my screen.
And if that's a problem, I apologize, but it should work, okay?
So I want to do a 30,000 foot summary of what they're talking about so that you understand that if you don't understand the biology of RNA viruses, then you can't exercise informed consent when somebody tells you you need a medical countermeasure to protect yourself from it.
And from the very beginning of the pandemic, none of us could exercise informed consent because we were misled about what's happening.
And this is the overarching role that New York City played for the United States and a lot of the world, is that a mass casualty event in New York City was misconstrued as evidence of some spreading novel pathogen that we all had to act on.
And so wouldn't that have been a great thing to say sometime in the last 45 fricking minutes?
Wouldn't that have been a great place for Jessica to start?
And what did that other guy even have to say that assisted in our understanding of what happened in New York City?
Do you really know?
I don't.
He might just be a useful idiot that Jessica's also playing.
And I want you to understand very clearly that there are people that are organized, very well organized to assure that we cannot exercise informed consent.
This is known since the 20s.
This is a quote from Edward Bernays, which says, the conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses is an important element of democratic society.
What we are suggesting is that we have been manipulated to believe a pandemic occurred when in fact it did not.
and they know that pandemics actually cannot occur.
The entire biosecurity state understands that coronavirus cannot do what they said it did, but they have succeeded in creating the illusion that it has, and the illusion is very, very good.
And it is founded on the principle that the most important question to ask since 2020 is whether it was a bat cave virus or whether it was a gain-of-function lab leak.
And as long as you keep asking this question, which Senator Ron Johnson has been asking since 2020, you never questioned the existence of the spreading pathogen in the first place.
Now, the reason why this is important is because, as you said, Colleen, so nicely,
Firefighters and EMTs were all misled by the idea that a novel virus was around.
So they changed the way that they decided to transport people.
Because of this fear and uncertainty and doubt, they don't want to risk getting this novel pathogen.
They would rather follow the do not resuscitate orders than risk bringing it home to their family.
And they were using things like pulse oximeters to describe who was sick.
So this led to the misuse of ventilators, the lack of antibiotic use, because they don't work on viruses, poor use of steroids, because that would be crazy, the implication of remdesivir and midazolam as we moved through the pandemic, the misconstruing of 500,000 opioid deaths, which have occurred over the last three years.
No one talks about, but they went up starting in 2019.
and started to peak in 2020, 21, 22.
There was death certificate fraud, financial incentives.
The opioid deaths have not been acknowledged.
There are 500,000 of them in the last three years.
Have you heard about them?
you hear numbers that are very, very much lower than what are the real numbers.
When you know people and families who have lost people and we count them, the numbers that the federal government reported for 2020 and 21 are ridiculous.
So what I'm suggesting to you is thousands since the pandemic started.
So again, to confound the fact that this is a long list of sources of death that have all been misconstrued as excess,
excess that has been generally blamed on a novel virus.
And you will notice that all of these people that were in a meeting in Bucharest, Romania in 2023 saw the presentation of Denny Rancourt, who since the beginning of the pandemic has been saying that there is no spread of a novel virus, but instead excess mortality on any national level or any state level only started after the rollout of
the transfections.
Now, what's really interesting about that is, is that a number of people who saw this presentation in Bucharest were also in front of Senator Ron Johnson, not even a month ago.
And they had nothing to say other than transfection in healthy humans was rushed, but it worked.
And they said that an RNA caused this pandemic.
It was probably a gain-of-function virus.
That was their explanation for what happened.
And what I would suggest to you is that they are covering up for the fact that academic biologists all around the United States should have known and did know, as I did, because I got fired as a faculty member of the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine because I spoke out that transfection is not vaccination.
And in fact, every academic biologist and any academic biologist that was in front of Senator Ron Johnson in that hearing knows this.
and that RNA itself cannot pandemic.
You shouldn't misconstrue different words like virus and all this other stuff to mean anything other than this, which is RNA can pandemic.
RNA cannot do that, but they have told you that an RNA molecule
with no other enzymes, no mitochondria, nothing, spilled in a mud puddle in Wuhan, China, can spread around the world consistently for five years, and we can track it with over 15 million sequences.
This is a biological absurdity that is so ridiculous that it's absurd that these four people, after seeing Denny Rancourt's presentation and knowing all of these things,
decided to go in front of your boss and tell you that there was a novel virus that killed over 7 million people in the world and over 1 million people in the United States, and then to go on to tell you that although we saved a lot of people with transfection, we also hurt some of them because there's some DNA contamination in it.
And what I need you to understand is that's not true.
The best hypothesis that I have, and I think these people will mostly agree with me, is that the WHO declared a dangerous novel pathogen was spreading around the world, and that enabled our national security state to change what was normally pneumonia and influenza into a national security threat.
And by doing so and telling everyone to use protocols that actually killed people, they were able to create a mass casualty event in New York City.
And that's not only the incentives, but also the lies and also the lack of testing and all of these things combined.
You don't have to pick one.
And that's the point.
A lot of the people that have been in front of your boss have picked one and wrote a book about it.
And they don't summarize across the
the narrative, which is that there is no way this could have occurred.
It's not possible.
More likely it is that what was a background, which is what the previous speaker said, what was a background was misconstrued as spread.
You have to think of an analogy, and it's a very difficult analogy to come up with, but imagine that you gave cops a new way to test drivers to find out if they're drunk driving, and that drunk driving could be asymptomatic.
You could actually not be drinking and still be drunk driving.
And anybody who tested positive would be put in the hospital, or not put in the hospital, put in jail for 30 days.
How many people would lose their job for being a drunk driver unnecessarily?
How bad would that go if there was a financial incentive for cops to do it?
How bad would it go if it was a national security priority to get all drunk drivers, even the ones that are asymptomatic, off the streets as fast as possible?
That's what they did.
And this is an attack
It is an attack on the United States citizenry to get them to believe that the national security state is necessary for the future going forward and that transfection is a new way for us to get medical treatments that we never would have gotten before.
These two lies are the reason why this is all happening.
I don't need to go there.
I won't go there.
I'll just leave it here.
that's really important to see though this this has been a deception that is all based on new york i should have went there it's too bad i didn't go there but i already was running out of time so i didn't go to the last slide i left it here that was too bad but i did bring the heat i think right i did bring the heat city and the things that you were commenting on in the end
which is including we didn't really have clarity about what was happening in the beginning, was part of the illusion that these people need to insist that you never question those things so that you never get to the actual root cause, which was the lies that were told in 2020 and that were stuck to hook, line, and sinker.
Everybody insisted that those lies were true right up until they stood in front of your boss in the Senate, not even a month ago, and still insisted that those lies are true.
Damn, come on now.
Agreed, JJ.
So let me wrap this up and then state pretty clearly or hopefully pretty clearly what we're asking for, at least what I'm asking for.
Just to reiterate what JJ just said, why does this New York, pardon me a second,
Why does this New York event even matter?
Like, why do we care?
Well, I think we're contending that without the New York event, there would have been no selling Americans or even the rest of the world on the WHO pandemic declaration, or the story of a novel spreading virus in need of new treatments and a dedicated shot.
Senator Johnson has been really great about hearing victims of
the COVID shot and people who've had adverse effects.
I humbly submit that a shot was never needed, that no proof of spread or an emergency was ever given to the American people.
Instead, it was presumed.
And then plans to make a shot and deliver it to everybody just went right ahead.
If the curve is manipulated or fraudulent in any way, and there's multiple ways that that could
could occur on the practical level.
But if it is, it presents a serious challenge to there was a pandemic and everything that came afterward.
And the New York curve underlies the US curve.
So there is no way for the US daily death curve to be accurate for 2020, at least, if the New York City curve is not accurate.
We have no proof, you know, unlike the World Trade Center disaster.
Oh my gosh, I don't even remember this.
There are no witnesses to a single event or phenomenon in spring 2020 that would obviously or logically result in 26 to 27,000 extra bodies.
There is no list of names, unlike the World Trade Center disaster.
There's no documentary.
There's no memorial.
And there is a dearth of authentic on-the-ground testimonies that fit with official data or with the magnitude of death.
And yes, that occurs.
That includes Pierre Corey, who arrived, I just want to point out, was in New York, but arrived on the scene April 27, 2020, post-peak, and then nine days later was sitting in front of Senator Johnson testifying at the Homeland Security Committee meeting.
I find that interesting.
These numbers that we're showing you, they are not proof of death or proof that a death event occurred.
Unlike some states and jurisdictions, New York laws conveniently do not permit the request or release of death certificates under freedom of information requests.
And unlike Chicago, unlike Milwaukee,
Actually, I'm sure this is true of all of Wisconsin.
It's true for all of Illinois.
The medical examiner's determinations for the deaths that the medical examiner handles, they're not subject to public scrutiny.
What is that about?
So we basically have this closed system event in a black box.
I recently obtained data from FEMA
on the deaths, the dates of death of people, I should say survivors of people who died during this event, New York City residents who died during this event, who had applied for the FEMA funeral assistance, applied and received.
So what you're seeing here- Funeral assistance was something that Alex Berenson and Joe Rogan talked about for like 20 minutes.
Is the all cause per,
Then you see COVID deaths of New York City residents that identified COVID-19 as underlying cause.
Any cause would be a little higher than that.
The blue line is the deaths for which assistance was applied.
And then the purple line is people who received the assistance.
So here's why this is important.
Gage said to me in the elevator of the hotel in front of people in their dripping,
dripping uh they got into the they were from the pool so there were three ladies from the pool that knew me from the red pill and then there was Richard Gage and myself in the elevator and the elevator closed i had already pushed six for him and we go up the elevator and he looks at me in front of those ladies who said thanks for your red pill conference talk and he says so you had to call people liars today huh
And I was like, wow, I didn't know what to say.
And then the ding went off and the door opened and Richard Gage walked kind of out of the elevator, still looking back at me.
And I said, I have to tell the truth while I can so my kids know it.
And he said, oh, okay.
And then he walked to his room.
That was my interaction with the great Richard Gage.
Very, very awesome.
It's important because when you apply for this aid, you have to submit a death certificate, right?
So in my mind, at most, we have a very, very small number of corroborated proofs of death from another federal agency.
This is pretty surprising that New Yorkers would leave so much money on the table.
I have a hard time believing that.
Go ahead, JJ.
I just wanted to make sure that it's very hard for me to hit a 30,000 foot home run with you guys on the biology.
Any of the things that I stated in the general statements that I made, I can back up with any amount of
Primary literature that you want and the second thing to make sure that this doesn't that won't really do you very much good But yeah, I can show you what to I can I can give you a clue but the point and so then they asked for papers well any papers you could send me would be great and again, I get very frustrated with that because it is a It is a really cheap out that also the no virus people were using all the time when I was talking about infectious clones Well, send me some papers that talks about clones.
It's like dude.
Are you kidding me?
Like, this is not something where I can send you a few papers and by the time you get done with a few abstracts, you're gonna know what I'm talking about.
And it's extremely obvious to me now that that was one of the games that was played from the very, very beginning.
that a single abstract of a single pre-print or a single pre-print or a single published paper in some weird cell culture model was enough to say amyloid or prion or mitochondrial damage or whatever other bullshit that they wanted to say.
One paper's enough.
One figure's enough.
One pre-print was enough for anyone to argue about anything.
And so when you say, oh yeah, I can back this stuff up.
What I'm suggesting to you is, is you should spend hours with me so I can teach you this.
Not so I can send you a couple of newspaper articles.
Because what you're suggesting, I mean, you really need to learn virology, right?
You need to learn molecular biology.
You need to actually have a PhD in biology.
Not saying that you can't, but that's the reason why these people can stand in front of Senator Ron Johnson and fool him.
Because it takes technical expertise to understand when somebody who's worked for the Human Genome Project is lying and when they're not.
It takes a real... Bam!
but they've been available for 20 years.
I mean, you can read about it, you can start anywhere you want, but let me just get back to my main reason why I interrupted.
I hope that somewhere in your notes, you can write down that in no way, shape or form are any of the three of us saying that there are no viruses,
We are not saying that viruses don't exist.
We are not saying that anything about isolation or any of these other stories, what we are suggesting to you is that a mass casualty event occurred and it was misconstrued as something that it was not.
And there is a lot of biology that they have told us on television that is entirely contradictory to the 50 plus years of biology that preceded the pandemic.
I find myself right now is trapped in this area where people are getting in front of your boss and still perpetuating these biological ideas which are absolutely implausible and not supported by any of the data that comes before the pandemic.
And my point of view, I'm not a biologist.
I have a PhD, but in a different field.
And I'm coming at this from the point of view of a citizen, a mom.
And I'm just demanding some basics here, that the government prove that an event occurred.
but you know like the data the fact that kevin mccairn is rinsing me on his streams after four and a half years of 2 000 views a video should be all the evidence you need that i'm right because someone has had a full-time job in japan or wherever that liar lives and he's had a full-time job because of me
There's no other reason for him to exist.
Why?
Because Stephanie Seneff needs a place to talk?
Or because that Joachim, whatever his name is from Germany, needs a place to sell his supplements?
If you can't see that every minute that Kevin McCarron can't stop mentioning my name is like putting great big giant shoulder pads with stripes and eagles and stars and sparkly shit on there because that just means that I'm so right that there's some clown show going on.
that has existed exclusively for me, just like probably, believe it or not, George Webb probably exists largely because of Mark.
But of course, anybody who doesn't know that Mark was responsible for Peter Strzok even making the news would also discount Mark's contribution to the pandemic narrative falling apart the way it is.
None of these people will touch his website.
None of them.
Not Liam Sturgess or any of these other intrepid interviewing people will use Mark's website for anything.
They won't even mention that it exists, even though it's just an objective collection of newspaper articles that seems to show a bunch of liars behind this that have coordinated their illusion about what biosecurity means and why we need to be afraid of it.
And somehow or another, I'm getting a shit sandwich here in this presentation, and it's always circling back to the bread.
And I'm not saying that no mass casualty event occurred.
I'm not saying that there wasn't excess death.
I'm saying I shouldn't have to go to all this trouble to try to find out what occurred.
It's not substantiated by the FEMA funeral data.
That's for sure.
So what are we asking for?
Well, I mean, overall, I think I at least am asking for proof.
There should be some way, and I know New York has its own laws, but
There's gotta be some way or some lawyer, I don't know, some effort, some legislator that has an interest in verifying and proving this event.
As a matter of course, the US government should not be able to make a claim about an emergency and say, oh, this many people died and just show us numbers on a screen.
It's just- Actually, the way the PrEP Act is worded, they don't have to show you shit.
The way the PREP Act is worded, the Health and Human Services Secretary can go on a whim.
They don't need to have any rational basis for declaring the emergency.
And I bet you $1,000 that Janet Reno in the chat will 100% confirm that's true.
There's no rational basis necessary.
They don't need one number, nevermind 1,000.
The only people that needed that number were the TV news.
because they didn't need shit.
All they needed to do was declare it.
It's just absurd, and I hope that offends all of us, regardless of where we stand on this issue.
I think I'd also like to see acknowledgement that the New York event played an outsized role in convincing Americans that a pandemic emergency existed, hasn't been substantiated, and it has to be investigated, including not just nursing homes, but hospitals.
What happened there?
and with whatever went on with deaths at home and emergency medical services.
Ultimately, we want accountability.
We have people talking about the next pandemic.
Well, can we talk about whether there was a pandemic even occurred back here in 2020?
Because all three of us, I think, would say the evidence is very, very thin, if not none.
So we've got more to talk about.
We've got more to explore, but 252 is probably enough for me.
Ladies and gentlemen, these people are lying.
They're lying about the worst case scenario.
They're lying about not being able to understand what I mean when I say that a background signal was conflated and that they could easily use a clone to put a signal anywhere they wanted to.
And that's why I find it hilarious that Jonathan and Martin and these other people adjacent to Panda claim that they couldn't get a virology explanation down about clones that made any sense, that couldn't contribute to a rebuttal to Kevin McKernan, but instead wrote the shittiest virology 101 review ever.
and they wrote it just a couple weeks ago, it's no different than just saying that there's bat cave viruses and gain-of-function viruses and they can stitch stuff together, but we're not really sure it's a good explanation for anything.
When in reality, this lie is based on the idea that they can make synthetic DNA.
They can find sequences in bats and they can make that sequence and then transfect cell cultures with it and then tell you at the end of the third passage that the virus is different.
They can also make those same sequences and put them in animals and those animals might shed those sequences to other animals because of proximity or maybe even because there's limited form of replication that you can detect a PCR positive and sequence something with metagenomic sequencing in the last animal that you put in the first animal.
But because you're starting with a purity,
and a concentration that cannot be generated any other way other than synthetically, then none of these experimental models recapitulate what they claim is virology.
And therefore, all of the biology upon which pandemic potential is based, is based solely on synthetic biology and specifically transfection and transformation of these various laboratory models, and not actually infection by a native natural agent.
Because those are extremely hard, if not impossible to isolate and to study.
And once you realize that that's what all of these people are hiding, that's what all of these people need to stand in front of me for, because I'm the one who can explain this succinctly where Andy Kaufman and Tom Cowan and all these other people cannot.
Because they are hiding this.
They are hiding the fact that synthetic biology is real.
that synthetic biology has become cheap and that means transfection and transformation for any purpose in any way shape or form can be used against us and misconstrued has virology.
Ladies and gentlemen, intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans has always been criminally negligent and RNA
Cannot pandemic and you can say it any way you want to as long as you say it You don't have to give credit to me as long as you say it ladies and gentlemen stop all transfections and humans they are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary and Thank you very much for joining me.
This has been giga home biological a high resistance low noise information brief brought to you by biologists There will be some sub stack
There will be some Substack support for the conclusions that I'm reaching.
And so stay tuned for that coming up.
I'm going to try and populate Substack more.
It's just, it's very hard right now in summer vacation with all the kids at home.
I'm trying to be done.
I'm trying to do it right.
Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen.
Every day, we're going to do a little work.
Tomorrow, I'll try to be on in the morning again.
Keep your arms straight, ladies and gentlemen, and keep your flashlights facing forward.
Thanks for being in the chat, Janet.
It's always great to see you.
And everybody, thank you very much.
I'll see you again tomorrow.